documentation/guides/migrating-from-v10-to-v11.md, before:

# Migrating from v10 to v11

Polaris v11.0.0 ([full release notes](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/releases/tag/v11.0.0)) features...

## Table of Contents

- [Node support](#node-support)
- [Components](#components)
  - [Removed deprecated Collapsible argument](#removed-deprecated-collapsible-argument)
  - [Removed KonamiCode component](#removed-konamicode-component)
- [Tokens](#tokens)

## Node support

NodeJS version 14 is no longer supported. NodeJS 18 is recommended and 16 is the minimum supported version.

## Components

### Removed deprecated Collapsible argument

We've removed the following deprecated prop from the Collapsible component:

`- preventMeasuringOnChildrenUpdate?: boolean;`

### Removed KonamiCode component

We are removing low usage components from Polaris. We love fun but we also want to ensure we are shipping exactly what our users need. If you want to use this in your project feel free to copy the [component sourcecode](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/%40shopify/polaris%4010.24.0/polaris-react/src/components/KonamiCode/KonamiCode.tsx).

## Tokens

Commit message:

Remove downlevel-dts and legacy type support (#8203)
### WHY are these changes introduced?

Polaris currently supports multiple TypeScript versions by building our
types twice. This breaking change in v11 removes this functionality and
we will only support the current version in the library.

This used to be required to build the props table on
legacy.polaris.shopify.com. This is no longer a requirement with
@martenbjork brilliant work.

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

Removes legacy type support for the library.

---------

Co-authored-by: Ben Scott <227292+BPScott@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Aaron Casanova <32409546+aaronccasanova@users.noreply.github.com>

documentation/guides/migrating-from-v10-to-v11.md, after:

# Migrating from v10 to v11

Polaris v11.0.0 ([full release notes](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/releases/tag/v11.0.0)) features...

## Table of Contents

- [Node support](#node-support)
- [Components](#components)
  - [Removed deprecated Collapsible argument](#removed-deprecated-collapsible-argument)
  - [Removed KonamiCode component](#removed-konamicode-component)
- [Tokens](#tokens)

## Node support

NodeJS version 14 is no longer supported. NodeJS 18 is recommended and 16 is the minimum supported version.

## TypeScript

Built types in `@shopify/polaris` have moved from `build/ts/latest` to `build/ts`.

**Legacy TypeScript Support**

Polaris no longer supports multiple versions of TypeScript with downlevel-dts. Polaris only builds one set of types based on the current version of TypeScript in the project.

## Components

### Removed deprecated Collapsible argument

We've removed the following deprecated prop from the Collapsible component:

`- preventMeasuringOnChildrenUpdate?: boolean;`

### Removed KonamiCode component

We are removing low usage components from Polaris. We love fun but we also want to ensure we are shipping exactly what our users need. If you want to use this in your project feel free to copy the [component sourcecode](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/%40shopify/polaris%4010.24.0/polaris-react/src/components/KonamiCode/KonamiCode.tsx).

## Tokens
