polaris.shopify.com/content/components/alpha-stack.md, before:

---
title: Alpha stack
description: Use to display elements vertically with items placed directly below the preceding item.
category: Structure
keywords:
  - layout
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component and its documentation is in development. There could be breaking changes made to it in a non-major release of Polaris. Please use with caution.
examples:
  - fileName: alpha-stack-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: >-
      By default, stack is left aligned and stacked items are spaced with 16px in between.
  - fileName: alpha-stack-with-gap.tsx
    title: Gap
    description: >-
      Gaps between stack children can be adjusted using the Space token.
  - fileName: alpha-stack-with-full-width-children.tsx
    title: Full width
    description: >-
      Use a boolean to make Stack full width.
  - fileName: alpha-stack-with-align.tsx
    title: Alignment
    description: >-
      Use to horizontally align Stack.
---

## Related components

- To display elements horizontally, [use the Inline component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/inline)

Commit message:

add link to component lifecycle doc

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/alpha-stack.md, after:

---
title: Alpha stack
description: Use to display elements vertically with items placed directly below the preceding item.
category: Structure
keywords:
  - layout
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component and its documentation is in development. There could be breaking changes made to it in a non-major release of Polaris. Please use with caution. To learn more please read our 
  linkText: Component Lifecycle resource.
  url: /getting-started/components-lifecycle
examples:
  - fileName: alpha-stack-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: >-
      By default, stack is left aligned and stacked items are spaced with 16px in between.
  - fileName: alpha-stack-with-gap.tsx
    title: Gap
    description: >-
      Gaps between stack children can be adjusted using the Space token.
  - fileName: alpha-stack-with-full-width-children.tsx
    title: Full width
    description: >-
      Use a boolean to make Stack full width.
  - fileName: alpha-stack-with-align.tsx
    title: Alignment
    description: >-
      Use to horizontally align Stack.
---

## Related components

- To display elements horizontally, [use the Inline component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/inline)
