polaris.shopify.com/content/components/list.md, before:

---
title: List
description: Lists display a set of related text-only content. Each list item begins with a bullet or a number.
category: Lists and tables
keywords:
  - bulleted lists
  - numbered lists
  - icon lists
  - list items
  - text lists
  - text-only lists
examples:
  - fileName: list-bulleted.tsx
    title: Bulleted
    description: Use for a text-only list of related items that don’t need to be in a specific order and don’t require an icon or other indicator.
  - fileName: list-numbered.tsx
    title: Numbered
    description: Use for a text-only list of related items when an inherent order, priority, or sequence needs to be communicated.
---

## Best practices

Lists should:

- Break up chunks of related content to make the information easier for merchants to scan
- Be phrased consistently (try to start each item with a noun or a verb and be consistent with each item)
- Not be used for lists where the entire item represents an action

---

## Content guidelines

### List items

Every item in a list should:

- Start with a capital letter
- Not use commas or semicolons at the end of each line

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Red
- Yellow
- Blue

#### Don’t

- Red;
- Yellow;
- Blue.

<!-- end -->

- Be written in sentence case

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Item one
- Item two
- Item three

#### Don’t

- Item One
- Item Two
- Item Three

<!-- end -->

---

## Related components

- To create a list of checkboxes or radio buttons, [use the choice list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/choice-list)
- To present a collection of objects of the same type such as customers, products, or orders, [use the resource list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/resource-list)
- When text labels for each item are useful for describing the content, [use the Description List component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/description-list)

---

## Accessibility

The list component outputs list items (`<li>`) inside a list wrapper (`<ul>` for bullet lists or `<ol>` for numbered lists). By default, list items are conveyed as a group of related elements to assistive technology users.

To group items for layout only, consider using the [stack component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/stack).

Commit message:

[polaris.shopify.com] Add examples for List using spacing property

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/list.md, after:

---
title: List
description: Lists display a set of related text-only content. Each list item begins with a bullet or a number.
category: Lists and tables
keywords:
  - bulleted lists
  - numbered lists
  - icon lists
  - list items
  - text lists
  - text-only lists
examples:
  - fileName: list-bulleted.tsx
    title: Bulleted
    description: Use for a text-only list of related items that don’t need to be in a specific order and don’t require an icon or other indicator.
  - fileName: list-numbered.tsx
    title: Numbered
    description: Use for a text-only list of related items when an inherent order, priority, or sequence needs to be communicated.
  - fileName: list-extra-tight.tsx
    title: Extra Tight
    description: Use when there is limited space for a text-only list of related items when an inherent order, priority, or sequence needs to be communicated.
---

## Best practices

Lists should:

- Break up chunks of related content to make the information easier for merchants to scan
- Be phrased consistently (try to start each item with a noun or a verb and be consistent with each item)
- Not be used for lists where the entire item represents an action

---

## Content guidelines

### List items

Every item in a list should:

- Start with a capital letter
- Not use commas or semicolons at the end of each line

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Red
- Yellow
- Blue

#### Don’t

- Red;
- Yellow;
- Blue.

<!-- end -->

- Be written in sentence case

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Item one
- Item two
- Item three

#### Don’t

- Item One
- Item Two
- Item Three

<!-- end -->

---

## Related components

- To create a list of checkboxes or radio buttons, [use the choice list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/choice-list)
- To present a collection of objects of the same type such as customers, products, or orders, [use the resource list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/resource-list)
- When text labels for each item are useful for describing the content, [use the Description List component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/description-list)

---

## Accessibility

The list component outputs list items (`<li>`) inside a list wrapper (`<ul>` for bullet lists or `<ol>` for numbered lists). By default, list items are conveyed as a group of related elements to assistive technology users.

To group items for layout only, consider using the [stack component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/stack).
