polaris.shopify.com/content/components/navigation.md, before:

---
title: Navigation
description: The navigation component is used to display the primary navigation in the sidebar of the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) of an application. Navigation includes a list of links that merchants use to move between sections of the application.
category: Navigation
keywords:
  - navigation
  - nav
  - links
  - primary navigation
  - main navigation
  - frame
  - sidebar
  - side bar
examples:
  - fileName: navigation-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use to present a navigation menu in the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame).
  - fileName: navigation-with-multiple-secondary-navigations.tsx
    title: With multiple secondary navigations
    description: Use to present a secondary action, related to a section and to title the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-an-active-root-item-with-secondary-navigation-items.tsx
    title: With an active root item with secondary navigation items
    description: Use to present a secondary action, related to a section and to title the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-a-secondary-action-for-a-section-and-a-section-title.tsx
    title: With a secondary action for a section and a section title
    description: Use to present a secondary action, related to a section and to title the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-a-secondary-action-for-an-item.tsx
    title: With a secondary action for an item
    description: Use to add a different action for an item than the main action, like to view or add something.
  - fileName: navigation-with-section-rollup.tsx
    title: With section rollup
    description: Use to show a limited number of items in a section with an option to expand the remaining items.
  - fileName: navigation-with-section-separator.tsx
    title: With section separator
    description: Use to add a horizontal line below the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-various-states-and-secondary-elements.tsx
    title: With various states and secondary elements
    description: This example showcases the many elements that can compose a navigation, especially useful for testing purposes.
  - fileName: navigation-with-aria-labelledby.tsx
    title: With aria-labelledby
    description: This example shows how to add an aria-labelledby to add a hidden label to the `nav` element.
  - fileName: navigation-using-major-icons.tsx
    title: Using Major icons
    description: This example shows how to use the shouldResizeIcon prop when using Major icons
---

## Required components

The navigation component must be passed to the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) component. The mobile version of the navigation component appears in the [top bar](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/top-bar) component.

---

## Best practices

The navigation component should:

- Contain primary navigation items that perform an action when clicked. Each action should navigate to a URL or trigger another action like a modal overlay.
- Only use secondary actions for supplementary actions to the primary actions.
- Provide a non-primary link or action as a secondary action to a section or an item.
- Group navigation items into sections based on related categories.
- Use a section title to clarify the category of a section.
- Use a major icon for item actions.
- Use a minor icon for secondary actions.
- Use the provided navigation section component to group navigation items.

---

## Content guidelines

Navigation should:

- Use sentence case for primary and secondary navigation items

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Online store

#### Don’t

- Online Store

<!-- end -->

- Use as few words as possible to describe each item label

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Products

#### Don’t

- Products in your store

<!-- end -->

- Use all caps for section labels

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- SALES CHANNELS

#### Don’t

- Sales channels

<!-- end -->

---

## Navigation section

A navigation section groups together related navigation items. Navigation sections can be clarified by a heading. Merchants can use a section to easily find navigation items within a specific category.

### Section properties

| Prop      | Type                   | Description                                                                                   |
| --------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| items     | [Item[]](#type-item)   | A collection of navigation items to be rendered inside the section                            |
| icon      | IconProps['source']    | An icon to be displayed next to the section title                                             |
| title     | string                 | A string property providing a title for the navigation section                                |
| fill      | boolean                | A boolean property indicating whether the section should take up all vertical space available |
| rollup    | [Rollup](#type-rollup) | An object determining the collapsing behavior of the navigation section                       |
| action    | [Action](#type-action) | Renders an icon-only action as a supplementary action next to the section title               |
| separator | boolean                | A boolean property indicating whether the section should have a visual separator              |

### Navigation section item

The content of the navigation component consists of navigation items. Each item is a link or action a merchant can take.

#### Item properties

| Prop               | Type                                        | Description                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| url                | string                                      | A location for the navigation item to navigate to when clicked                                                                                          |
| matches            | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to a closely matching location property                                        |
| exactMatch         | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to an exactly matching location property                                       |
| matchPaths         | string[]                                    | A string property providing a collection of additional paths for the navigation item to respond to                                                      |
| excludePaths       | string[]                                    | A string property providing an explicit collection of paths the navigation item should not respond to                                                   |
| icon               | IconProps['source']                         | An icon to be displayed next to the navigation. Please prefer minor icons here. If a major icon has to be used, set the `shouldResizeIcon` prop to true |
| badge              | string \| null                              | A string property allowing content to be displayed in a badge next to the navigation item                                                               |
| label              | string                                      | A string property allowing content to be displayed as link text in the navigation item                                                                  |
| disabled           | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item is disabled                                                                                   |
| new                | boolean                                     | Indicate whether the navigation item is new by adding an indicator dot to the parent and badge to the item (overwritten by the badge prop)              |
| accessibilityLabel | string                                      | A visually hidden label for screen readers to understand the content of a navigation item                                                               |
| selected           | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item is the currently-selected item                                                                |
| shouldResizeIcon   | boolean                                     | Will allow for major icons to be displayed at the same size as minor icons                                                                              |
| subNavigationItems | [SubNavigationItem[]](#sub-navigation-item) | A collection of navigation items rendered as nested secondary navigation items                                                                          |
| secondaryAction    | [SecondaryAction](#secondary-action)        | Renders an icon-only action as a supplementary action next to a navigation item                                                                         |
| onClick()          | function                                    | A callback function to handle clicking on a navigation item                                                                                             |

### SubNavigationItem

#### Properties

| Prop         | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                |
| ------------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| url          | string   | A location for the navigation item to navigate to when clicked                                                                             |
| matches      | boolean  | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to a closely matching location property                           |
| exactMatch   | boolean  | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to an exactly matching location property                          |
| matchPaths   | string[] | A string property providing a collection of additional paths for the navigation item to respond to                                         |
| excludePaths | string[] | A string property providing an explicit collection of paths the navigation item should not respond to                                      |
| external     | boolean  | Indicates whether this is an external link. If it is, an external link icon will be shown next to the label                                |
| label        | string   | A string property allowing content to be displayed as link text in the navigation item                                                     |
| disabled     | boolean  | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item is disabled                                                                      |
| new          | boolean  | Indicate whether the navigation item is new by adding an indicator dot to the parent and badge to the item (overwritten by the badge prop) |
| onClick()    | function | A callback function to handle clicking on a navigation item                                                                                |

### SecondaryAction

#### Properties

| Prop               | Type                                                                      | Description                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| url                | string                                                                    | A location for the navigation item to navigate to when clicked                                                                                          |
| accessibilityLabel | string                                                                    | A visually hidden label for screen readers to understand the content of a navigation item                                                               |
| icon               | IconProps['source']                                                       | An icon to be displayed next to the navigation. Please prefer minor icons here. If a major icon has to be used, set the `shouldResizeIcon` prop to true |
| onClick()          | function                                                                  | A callback function to handle clicking on a navigation item                                                                                             |
| tooltip            | [TooltipProps](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tooltip#navigation) | Options for displaying a tooltip when you hover over the action button                                                                                  |

### Navigation section rollup

Rollup allows items in a navigation section to roll up and be revealed when they are of use to the merchant.

#### Rollup properties

| Prop       | Type   | Description                                                              |
| ---------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| after      | number | A number of items after which the navigation section should be collapsed |
| view       | string | A string property providing content for the section view action          |
| hide       | string | A string property providing content for the section hide action          |
| activePath | string | A string property representing the current URL of your application       |

### Navigation section action

Action allows a complementary icon-only action to render next to the section title.

#### Action properties

| Prop               | Type                                                                      | Description                                                                        |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| icon               | IconProps['source']                                                       | An icon to be displayed as the content of the action                               |
| accessibilityLabel | string                                                                    | A visually hidden label for screen readers to understand the content of the action |
| onClick()          | function                                                                  | A callback function to handle clicking on the action                               |
| tooltip            | [TooltipProps](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tooltip#navigation) | Options for displaying a tooltip when you hover over the action button             |

---

## Related components

- To provide the structure for the navigation component, including the left sidebar and the top bar use the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) component.
- To display the navigation component on small screens, to provide search and a user menu, or to theme the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) component to reflect an application’s brand, use the [top bar](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/top-bar) component.
- To tell merchants their options once they have made changes to a form on the page use the [contextual save bar](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/contextual-save-bar) component.
- To provide quick, at-a-glance feedback on the outcome of an action, use the [toast](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/toast) component.
- To indicate to merchants that a page is loading or an upload is processing use the [loading](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/loading) component.
- To alternate among related views within the same context, use the [tabs](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tabs) component.
- To embed a single action or link within a larger span of text, use the [link](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link) component.

Commit message:

Created examples code for truncation and added prop definition

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/navigation.md, after:

---
title: Navigation
description: The navigation component is used to display the primary navigation in the sidebar of the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) of an application. Navigation includes a list of links that merchants use to move between sections of the application.
category: Navigation
keywords:
  - navigation
  - nav
  - links
  - primary navigation
  - main navigation
  - frame
  - sidebar
  - side bar
examples:
  - fileName: navigation-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use to present a navigation menu in the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame).
  - fileName: navigation-with-multiple-secondary-navigations.tsx
    title: With multiple secondary navigations
    description: Use to present a secondary action, related to a section and to title the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-an-active-root-item-with-secondary-navigation-items.tsx
    title: With an active root item with secondary navigation items
    description: Use to present a secondary action, related to a section and to title the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-a-secondary-action-for-a-section-and-a-section-title.tsx
    title: With a secondary action for a section and a section title
    description: Use to present a secondary action, related to a section and to title the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-a-secondary-action-for-an-item.tsx
    title: With a secondary action for an item
    description: Use to add a different action for an item than the main action, like to view or add something.
  - fileName: navigation-with-section-rollup.tsx
    title: With section rollup
    description: Use to show a limited number of items in a section with an option to expand the remaining items.
  - fileName: navigation-with-section-separator.tsx
    title: With section separator
    description: Use to add a horizontal line below the section.
  - fileName: navigation-with-various-states-and-secondary-elements.tsx
    title: With various states and secondary elements
    description: This example showcases the many elements that can compose a navigation, especially useful for testing purposes.
  - fileName: navigation-with-truncation-for-various-states.tsx
    title: With truncation active for various states
    description: This example showcases how elements are displayed with the truncateTest prop as true for various states.
  - fileName: navigation-with-aria-labelledby.tsx
    title: With aria-labelledby
    description: This example shows how to add an aria-labelledby to add a hidden label to the `nav` element.
  - fileName: navigation-using-major-icons.tsx
    title: Using Major icons
    description: This example shows how to use the shouldResizeIcon prop when using Major icons
---

## Required components

The navigation component must be passed to the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) component. The mobile version of the navigation component appears in the [top bar](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/top-bar) component.

---

## Best practices

The navigation component should:

- Contain primary navigation items that perform an action when clicked. Each action should navigate to a URL or trigger another action like a modal overlay.
- Only use secondary actions for supplementary actions to the primary actions.
- Provide a non-primary link or action as a secondary action to a section or an item.
- Group navigation items into sections based on related categories.
- Use a section title to clarify the category of a section.
- Use a major icon for item actions.
- Use a minor icon for secondary actions.
- Use the provided navigation section component to group navigation items.

---

## Content guidelines

Navigation should:

- Use sentence case for primary and secondary navigation items

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Online store

#### Don’t

- Online Store

<!-- end -->

- Use as few words as possible to describe each item label

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Products

#### Don’t

- Products in your store

<!-- end -->

- Use all caps for section labels

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- SALES CHANNELS

#### Don’t

- Sales channels

<!-- end -->

---

## Navigation section

A navigation section groups together related navigation items. Navigation sections can be clarified by a heading. Merchants can use a section to easily find navigation items within a specific category.

### Section properties

| Prop      | Type                   | Description                                                                                   |
| --------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| items     | [Item[]](#type-item)   | A collection of navigation items to be rendered inside the section                            |
| icon      | IconProps['source']    | An icon to be displayed next to the section title                                             |
| title     | string                 | A string property providing a title for the navigation section                                |
| fill      | boolean                | A boolean property indicating whether the section should take up all vertical space available |
| rollup    | [Rollup](#type-rollup) | An object determining the collapsing behavior of the navigation section                       |
| action    | [Action](#type-action) | Renders an icon-only action as a supplementary action next to the section title               |
| separator | boolean                | A boolean property indicating whether the section should have a visual separator              |

### Navigation section item

The content of the navigation component consists of navigation items. Each item is a link or action a merchant can take.

#### Item properties

| Prop               | Type                                        | Description                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| url                | string                                      | A location for the navigation item to navigate to when clicked                                                                                          |
| matches            | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to a closely matching location property                                        |
| exactMatch         | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to an exactly matching location property                                       |
| matchPaths         | string[]                                    | A string property providing a collection of additional paths for the navigation item to respond to                                                      |
| excludePaths       | string[]                                    | A string property providing an explicit collection of paths the navigation item should not respond to                                                   |
| icon               | IconProps['source']                         | An icon to be displayed next to the navigation. Please prefer minor icons here. If a major icon has to be used, set the `shouldResizeIcon` prop to true |
| badge              | string \| null                              | A string property allowing content to be displayed in a badge next to the navigation item                                                               |
| label              | string                                      | A string property allowing content to be displayed as link text in the navigation item                                                                  |
| disabled           | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item is disabled                                                                                   |
| new                | boolean                                     | Indicate whether the navigation item is new by adding an indicator dot to the parent and badge to the item (overwritten by the badge prop)              |
| accessibilityLabel | string                                      | A visually hidden label for screen readers to understand the content of a navigation item                                                               |
| selected           | boolean                                     | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item is the currently-selected item                                                                |
| shouldResizeIcon   | boolean                                     | Will allow for major icons to be displayed at the same size as minor icons                                                                              |
| subNavigationItems | [SubNavigationItem[]](#sub-navigation-item) | A collection of navigation items rendered as nested secondary navigation items                                                                          |
| secondaryAction    | [SecondaryAction](#secondary-action)        | Renders an icon-only action as a supplementary action next to a navigation item                                                                         |
| onClick()          | function                                    | A callback function to handle clicking on a navigation item                                                                                             |
| truncateText       | boolean                                     | A boolean property to allow text that exceeds the width of the navigation item to be truncated with ellipsis                                            |

### SubNavigationItem

#### Properties

| Prop         | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                |
| ------------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| url          | string   | A location for the navigation item to navigate to when clicked                                                                             |
| matches      | boolean  | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to a closely matching location property                           |
| exactMatch   | boolean  | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item should respond to an exactly matching location property                          |
| matchPaths   | string[] | A string property providing a collection of additional paths for the navigation item to respond to                                         |
| excludePaths | string[] | A string property providing an explicit collection of paths the navigation item should not respond to                                      |
| external     | boolean  | Indicates whether this is an external link. If it is, an external link icon will be shown next to the label                                |
| label        | string   | A string property allowing content to be displayed as link text in the navigation item                                                     |
| disabled     | boolean  | A boolean property indicating whether the navigation item is disabled                                                                      |
| new          | boolean  | Indicate whether the navigation item is new by adding an indicator dot to the parent and badge to the item (overwritten by the badge prop) |
| onClick()    | function | A callback function to handle clicking on a navigation item                                                                                |

### SecondaryAction

#### Properties

| Prop               | Type                                                                      | Description                                                                                                                                             |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| url                | string                                                                    | A location for the navigation item to navigate to when clicked                                                                                          |
| accessibilityLabel | string                                                                    | A visually hidden label for screen readers to understand the content of a navigation item                                                               |
| icon               | IconProps['source']                                                       | An icon to be displayed next to the navigation. Please prefer minor icons here. If a major icon has to be used, set the `shouldResizeIcon` prop to true |
| onClick()          | function                                                                  | A callback function to handle clicking on a navigation item                                                                                             |
| tooltip            | [TooltipProps](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tooltip#navigation) | Options for displaying a tooltip when you hover over the action button                                                                                  |

### Navigation section rollup

Rollup allows items in a navigation section to roll up and be revealed when they are of use to the merchant.

#### Rollup properties

| Prop       | Type   | Description                                                              |
| ---------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| after      | number | A number of items after which the navigation section should be collapsed |
| view       | string | A string property providing content for the section view action          |
| hide       | string | A string property providing content for the section hide action          |
| activePath | string | A string property representing the current URL of your application       |

### Navigation section action

Action allows a complementary icon-only action to render next to the section title.

#### Action properties

| Prop               | Type                                                                      | Description                                                                        |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| icon               | IconProps['source']                                                       | An icon to be displayed as the content of the action                               |
| accessibilityLabel | string                                                                    | A visually hidden label for screen readers to understand the content of the action |
| onClick()          | function                                                                  | A callback function to handle clicking on the action                               |
| tooltip            | [TooltipProps](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tooltip#navigation) | Options for displaying a tooltip when you hover over the action button             |

---

## Related components

- To provide the structure for the navigation component, including the left sidebar and the top bar use the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) component.
- To display the navigation component on small screens, to provide search and a user menu, or to theme the [frame](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/frame) component to reflect an application’s brand, use the [top bar](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/top-bar) component.
- To tell merchants their options once they have made changes to a form on the page use the [contextual save bar](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/contextual-save-bar) component.
- To provide quick, at-a-glance feedback on the outcome of an action, use the [toast](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/toast) component.
- To indicate to merchants that a page is loading or an upload is processing use the [loading](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/loading) component.
- To alternate among related views within the same context, use the [tabs](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tabs) component.
- To embed a single action or link within a larger span of text, use the [link](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link) component.
