polaris.shopify.com/content/components/visually-hidden.md, before:

---
title: Visually hidden
description: Use when an element needs to be available to assistive technology (for example, a screen reader) but otherwise hidden.
category: Titles and text
keywords:
  - VisuallyHidden
  - screen readers
  - hidden but available for screen readers
  - visually hidden headings
  - hide
  - hidden headings
  - hidden text
  - visually hidden table headers
  - visually hidden headers
  - hidden table headers
  - hidden table headings
  - accessibility
  - a11y
  - assistive technology
examples:
  - fileName: visually-hidden-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Always provide a heading for a major page section such as a card. In rare cases the heading is visually redundant and the meaning is conveyed by context. Rather than omit the heading, wrap the heading in the visually hidden component.
  - fileName: visually-hidden-table-headers.tsx
    title: Table headers
    description: Whenever one or more table columns has no need for a visible header, hide the header content rather than omitting it. Note that due to browser quirks the visually hidden component must go inside each `<th>`.
---

## Best practices

Visually hidden should:

- Not be used if semantic markup can make content understandable to people using assistive technology
- Be used to provide extra context when semantic markup isn’t enough
- Be used on any content that is normally present but is being omitted
- Make sense in context when used with a screen reader

---

## Accessibility

The visually hidden component styles text so that it’s not visible, but it is available to assistive technologies like screen readers and other text to speech programs.

The component shouldn’t be used to hide interactive content.

Commit message:

[Typography foundations] `Text` component beta release (#7068)
### WHY are these changes introduced?

Resolves #6537, resolves #7647.

Deprecates our existing typography components with mapping to the new
`Text` component.
Updates the `Text` component page in the style guide to use the `beta`
flag instead of `alpha`.

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

Deprecates `Caption`, `DisplayText`, `Heading`, `Subheading`,
`TextStyle`, and `VisuallyHidden` on the style guide and in
`polaris-react`.

Adds logic in the style guide to hide the prop table if the component is
deprecated and hide the component examples if none exist.
    <details>
      <summary>Deprecated Caption component page</summary>
<img
src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26749317/198280661-5b29b45c-9cc9-4bff-aee3-86caf08d65c0.png"
alt="Deprecated Caption component page">
    </details>

<!-- ℹ️ Delete the following for small / trivial changes -->

### How to 🎩

🖥 [Local development
instructions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/README.md#local-development)
🗒 [General tophatting
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md)
📄 [Changelog
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#changelog)

### 🎩 checklist

- [ ] Tested on
[mobile](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md#cross-browser-testing)
- [x] Tested on [multiple
browsers](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/shopify-admin/supported-browsers)
- [ ] Tested for
[accessibility](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Accessibility%20testing.md)
- [ ] Updated the component's `README.md` with documentation changes
- [x] [Tophatted
documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting%20documentation.md)
changes in the style guide

Co-authored-by: Chaz Dean <59836805+chazdean@users.noreply.github.com>

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/visually-hidden.md, after:

---
title: Visually hidden
description: Use when an element needs to be available to assistive technology (for example, a screen reader) but otherwise hidden.
category: Titles and text
keywords:
  - VisuallyHidden
  - screen readers
  - hidden but available for screen readers
  - visually hidden headings
  - hide
  - hidden headings
  - hidden text
  - visually hidden table headers
  - visually hidden headers
  - hidden table headers
  - hidden table headings
  - accessibility
  - a11y
  - assistive technology
status:
  value: Deprecated
  message: This component is no longer supported. Please use the Text component instead.
---

## Mapping to the Text component

```diff
- <VisuallyHidden>
-   <Heading>Title and description</Heading>
- </VisuallyHidden>
+ <Text visuallyHidden variant="headingMd" as="h2">Title and description</Text>
```

---

## Best practices

Visually hidden should:

- Not be used if semantic markup can make content understandable to people using assistive technology
- Be used to provide extra context when semantic markup isn’t enough
- Be used on any content that is normally present but is being omitted
- Make sense in context when used with a screen reader

---

## Accessibility

The visually hidden component styles text so that it’s not visible, but it is available to assistive technologies like screen readers and other text to speech programs.

The component shouldn’t be used to hide interactive content.
