polaris.shopify.com/content/components/deprecated/setting-toggle.md, before:

---
title: Setting toggle
description: Use to give merchants control over a feature or option that can be turned on or off.
category: Selection and input
keywords:
  - SettingToggle
  - settings buttons
  - setting buttons
  - enable buttons
  - disable buttons
  - setting switches
  - turn on button
  - turn off button
  - option button
  - on off
  - switch
  - adjuster
examples:
  - fileName: setting-toggle-deprecated.tsx
    title: With deprecated component
    description: Setting toggles with child content only are supported for backward compatibility. Use the `title` and `description` props to name and describe the setting purpose instead of nesting these elements as `children`.
  - fileName: setting-toggle-with-primitive-components.tsx
    title: With primitive components
    description: Use to allow merchants to toggle a setting that has an on or off state. Display the name of the setting and provide a description so merchants have the context needed to decide whether or not to enable the setting.
---

## Best practices

Settings toggles should:

- Include a title
- Include body content describing the experience when the setting is turned on
- Use a badge to clearly indicate whether the setting is turned on or off
- Use a default button for both states. A primary button can be misinterpreted as the setting being turned on.

If more information is needed to explain setting details or functionality, include the [Info](https://polaris.shopify.com/icons?icon=InfoMinor&q=) icon and link to help content or related documentation.

### Usage

The setting toggle component should only be used when:

- The setting is stand alone
- There are two binary options that are “On”/“Off”

If the setting is dependent on other settings, uses progressive disclosure, or has options that are not a simple “On”/“Off”, use a different UI element such as [Checkbox](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/selection-and-input/checkbox) or [Radio button](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/selection-and-input/radio-button).

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Only include the actions Turn on/ Turn off.

![Setting toggle do](/images/components/deprecated/setting-toggle/Do.png)

#### Don’t

Don't include additional settings or inputs.

![Setting toggle dont](/images/components/deprecated/setting-toggle/Dont.png)

<!-- end -->

---

## Content guidelines

### Card title

The setting toggle title should:

- Be the setting name, written as a noun or gerund (-ing) phrase (“Test mode” or “Automatic order archiving”)
- Represent the experience when the setting is turned on—even if the setting restricts, limits, removes, or hides functionality

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Test mode
- Order archiving
- Self-serve returns

#### Don’t

- Simulate test payments
- Automatically archive the order
- Allow customers to manage returns

<!-- end -->

### On/Off button

The button for the setting toggle should always say either “Turn on” or “Turn off” depending on whether the setting can be turned on or off.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Turn on
- Turn off

#### Don’t

- Enable
- Disable
- Activate
- Deactivate

<!-- end -->

### Supporting content

In addition to the setting description, supporting content can dynamically display based on state. This should be used sparingly and included only if it adds significant clarity or value. For example, “Your customers won’t receive automatic shipping updates.”

---

## Related components

To let merchants connect or disconnect third-party services and apps, use the [account connection](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/account-connection) component.

---

## Accessibility

The `SettingToggle` component is implemented as an HTML `<button>` with the `switch` [ARIA role](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/switch_role).
The components passed as children will automatically be wrapped in a label element describing the `<button>`. Enabling and disabling `SettingToggle` will update the `aria-checked` attribute to `"true"` or `"false"`.

To learn more about button accessibility, check out the [button](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button) component documentation.

Commit message:

Add deprecated status and banner

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/deprecated/setting-toggle.md, after:

---
title: Setting toggle
description: Use to give merchants control over a feature or option that can be turned on or off.
category: Deprecated
keywords:
  - SettingToggle
  - settings buttons
  - setting buttons
  - enable buttons
  - disable buttons
  - setting switches
  - turn on button
  - turn off button
  - option button
  - on off
  - switch
  - adjuster
status:
  - value: Deprecated
  - message: The SettingToggle is a simple layout component that composes its children with a button in a card. This pattern should be composed directly using the primitive layout and typography components. See the "With primitive components" example to learn how to compose setting toggles with primitive components.
examples:
  - fileName: setting-toggle-deprecated.tsx
    title: With deprecated component
    description: The setting toggle component is deprecated. The "With primitive components" example is the recommended composition of the setting toggle pattern.
  - fileName: setting-toggle-with-primitive-components.tsx
    title: With primitive components
    description: Use to allow merchants to toggle a setting that has an on or off state. Display the name of the setting and provide a description so merchants have the context needed to decide whether or not to enable the setting.
---

## Best practices

Settings toggles should:

- Include a title
- Include body content describing the experience when the setting is turned on
- Use a badge to clearly indicate whether the setting is turned on or off
- Use a default button for both states. A primary button can be misinterpreted as the setting being turned on.

If more information is needed to explain setting details or functionality, include the [Info](https://polaris.shopify.com/icons?icon=InfoMinor&q=) icon and link to help content or related documentation.

### Usage

The setting toggle component should only be used when:

- The setting is stand alone
- There are two binary options that are “On”/“Off”

If the setting is dependent on other settings, uses progressive disclosure, or has options that are not a simple “On”/“Off”, use a different UI element such as [Checkbox](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/selection-and-input/checkbox) or [Radio button](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/selection-and-input/radio-button).

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Only include the actions Turn on/ Turn off.

![Setting toggle do](/images/components/deprecated/setting-toggle/Do.png)

#### Don’t

Don't include additional settings or inputs.

![Setting toggle dont](/images/components/deprecated/setting-toggle/Dont.png)

<!-- end -->

---

## Content guidelines

### Card title

The setting toggle title should:

- Be the setting name, written as a noun or gerund (-ing) phrase (“Test mode” or “Automatic order archiving”)
- Represent the experience when the setting is turned on—even if the setting restricts, limits, removes, or hides functionality

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Test mode
- Order archiving
- Self-serve returns

#### Don’t

- Simulate test payments
- Automatically archive the order
- Allow customers to manage returns

<!-- end -->

### On/Off button

The button for the setting toggle should always say either “Turn on” or “Turn off” depending on whether the setting can be turned on or off.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Turn on
- Turn off

#### Don’t

- Enable
- Disable
- Activate
- Deactivate

<!-- end -->

### Supporting content

In addition to the setting description, supporting content can dynamically display based on state. This should be used sparingly and included only if it adds significant clarity or value. For example, “Your customers won’t receive automatic shipping updates.”

---

## Related components

To let merchants connect or disconnect third-party services and apps, use the [account connection](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/account-connection) component.

---

## Accessibility

The `SettingToggle` component is implemented as an HTML `<button>` with the `switch` [ARIA role](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/switch_role).
The components passed as children will automatically be wrapped in a label element describing the `<button>`. Enabling and disabling `SettingToggle` will update the `aria-checked` attribute to `"true"` or `"false"`.

To learn more about button accessibility, check out the [button](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button) component documentation.
