polaris.shopify.com/content/design/typography.md, before:

---
title: Typography
description: Typography helps establish hierarchy and communicate important content by creating clear visual patterns.
keywords:
  - type styles
  - font sizes
  - fonts
icon: TypeMajor
---

By tying typographic styles to specific functions in the interface, we create a clear visual pattern for merchants to follow while they interact with our product.

---

![An illustration of letters constructed from lego blocks](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-featured@2x.png)

## Working with typography

![A series of three illustrations representing the principles make it readable, make it adaptable, reinforce the message](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-principles@2x.png)

### 1. Make it scannable

Keep related text aligned and closer together to create visual groupings. For most languages, the the majority of text should be left-aligned.

### 2. Adjust text based on device size and distance from the merchant

Because small screens are often at an arm's distance, we can decrease the size of larger headings and increase the size of important body text.

### 3. Create visual hierarchy

Pair font weight, size, and color together to create hierarchy. Use a lighter color or font-size to de-emphasize secondary content.

---

## Essentials for designing with type

When designing with type, we can use a combination of font size, weight, color, and space to ensure a strong hierarchy and scannability of a page. By understanding the fundamentals, you’ll be able to better apply type to the UI.

### Using the bounding box

The bounding box is the vertical height of the text and is defined by the text’s line-height. The value of the line-height is critical to make sure text aligns to the 4px grid. Refer to individual type styles for specified heights.

![An image showing how the bounding box applies to text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-bounding-box@2x.png)

### Using the baseline

The baseline is the imaginary line that letters rest on. Align text horizontally to the baseline for a simple clean look.

![An image showing the baseline and how it applies to text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-align-baseline@2x.png)

There are situations where it makes sense to have multiple text sizes on a single line to establish hierarchy of elements. Aligning to the text’s baseline instead of center gives a more harmonious look.

![An example of aligning text elements to the baseline](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-center-baseline@2x.png)

### Line length

Line length describes the width of the content. For longer body text, the recommended line length is between 40 to 60 characters.

![A diagram showing the ideal line length for text](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-line-length@2x.png)

### Color

Color can be used to add contrast and reinforce the hierarchy between text.

For example, one way to distinguish between a title and a subtitle is to apply `--p-text-color` to the title, and `--p-text-subdued` to the subtitle. Using a lighter color for secondary information provides contrast between the text and helps reinforce hierarchy even when the text is the same size and weight.

![An image showing how you can use color to add hierarchy within text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-color-different@2x.png)

### Space

We can help merchants navigate the UI by grouping related information together. One way to do this is to use space to create relationships between elements on a page.

Ambiguous spacing can cause confusion and make it hard to understand the content.

![An image of showing how to use space to create hierachy and relationships between text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-spacing-adjustments@2x.png)

---

## Font sizes

We use the typographic scale to communicate visual hierarchy in text.

---

## Display styles

### PageHeading

PageHeading is reserved for the title of a screen.

![An interface showing the title of a page before its contents](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-pageheading@2x.png)

### Display

Display is for titling various interface elements, such as empty states and modals.

![An empty state and a modal with large display headings](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-display@2x.png)

### Heading

Heading should always be used for titles of top-level sections of a screen. If the sections of a screen are represented by cards, each card’s title should use the Heading style.

![Two interface cards with headings](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-heading@2x.png)

### Subheading

If a top-level section of a screen has subsections, use the Subheading style for titling those subsections. Subheading should never appear as the first element in a card. Only use with titles (vs. sections of content).

![An interface card titled with a large heading text size followed by a smaller subheading](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-subheading@2x.png)

### Caption

Caption is for providing details in places where content is compact and space is tight, like when it comes to data visualization.

![A line chart with small, caption-sized labels](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-caption@2x.png)

---

## Font stack

We use a font stack that adapts to the operating system it runs on, like macOS, iOS, Windows, Android or Linux distributions.

![A diagram showing a selection of default iOS, Mac, Windows, Android and Linux fonts](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-fontstack@2x.png)

- Apple devices will display [San Francisco](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/)
- Android devices will display
  [Roboto](https://material.io/guidelines/resources/roboto-noto-fonts.html)
- Devices running Windows will display
  [Segoe UI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Segoe#Segoe_UI)
- Machines running Linux will display the default sans-serif font for any running distribution

This font-stack makes sure all browsers can load platform-specific fonts:

```
-apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, San Francisco, Segoe UI, Roboto, Helvetica Neue, sans-serif
```

Add this to your CSS to preload system fonts and set up browsers for legibility:

```css
html {
  /* Load system fonts */
  font-family: -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, San Francisco, Segoe UI,
    Roboto, Helvetica Neue, sans-serif;

  /* Make type rendering look crisper */
  -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
  -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;

  /* Deactivate auto-enlargement of small text in Safari */
  text-size-adjust: 100%;

  /* Enable kerning and optional ligatures */
  text-rendering: optimizeLegibility;
}

/**
 * Form elements render using OS defaults,
 * so font-family inheritance must be specifically declared
 */
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
  font-family: inherit;
}
```

---

## Mobile considerations

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Refer to the platform’s native font scales when designing experiences for native apps
- Refer to the small-screen scale when designing experiences for mobile browsers
- Use the platform-specific component library

#### Do

- Use the native font scale
- Keep in mind that all UI elements containing text will be affected
- Explore additional content height, width, truncation, and line wraps

<!-- end -->

Commit message:

[Typography foundations] [Migration] Add new type styles to typography docs (#7609)
Fixes #7552 
Add new type styles guidance and info to typography docs

![Frame
57915](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8629173/199514406-4467a30a-8522-4f02-967b-cfb71ad51a4a.png)

Co-authored-by: Lo Kim <lo.kim@shopify.com>

polaris.shopify.com/content/design/typography.md, after:

---
title: Typography
description: Typography helps establish hierarchy and communicate important content by creating clear visual patterns.
keywords:
  - type styles
  - font sizes
  - fonts
icon: TypeMajor
---

![An illustration of letters constructed from lego blocks](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-featured@2x.png)

## Working with typography

![A series of three illustrations representing the principles make it readable, make it adaptable, reinforce the message](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-principles@2x.png)

### 1. Make it scannable

Keep related text aligned and closer together to create visual groupings. For most languages, the the majority of text should be left-aligned.

### 2. Adjust text based on device size and distance from the merchant

Because small screens are often at an arm's distance, we can decrease the size of larger headings and increase the size of important body text.

### 3. Create visual hierarchy

Pair font weight, size, and color together to create hierarchy. Use a lighter color or font-size to de-emphasize secondary content.

---

## Essentials for designing with type

When designing with type, we can use a combination of font size, weight, color, and space to ensure a strong hierarchy and scannability of a page. By understanding the fundamentals, you’ll be able to better apply type to the UI.

### Using the bounding box

The bounding box is the vertical height of the text and is defined by the text’s line-height. The value of the line-height is critical to make sure text aligns to the 4px grid. Refer to individual type styles for specified heights.

![An image showing how the bounding box applies to text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-bounding-box@2x.png)

### Using the baseline

The baseline is the imaginary line that letters rest on. Align text horizontally to the baseline for a simple clean look.

![An image showing the baseline and how it applies to text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-align-baseline@2x.png)

There are situations where it makes sense to have multiple text sizes on a single line to establish hierarchy of elements. Aligning to the text’s baseline instead of center gives a more harmonious look.

![An example of aligning text elements to the baseline](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-center-baseline@2x.png)

### Line length

Line length describes the width of the content. For longer body text, the recommended line length is between 40 to 60 characters.

![A diagram showing the ideal line length for text](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-line-length@2x.png)

### Color

Color can be used to add contrast and reinforce the hierarchy between text.

For example, one way to distinguish between a title and a subtitle is to apply `--p-text-color` to the title, and `--p-text-subdued` to the subtitle. Using a lighter color for secondary information provides contrast between the text and helps reinforce hierarchy even when the text is the same size and weight.

![An image showing how you can use color to add hierarchy within text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-color-different@2x.png)

### Space

We can help merchants navigate the UI by grouping related information together. One way to do this is to use space to create relationships between elements on a page.

Ambiguous spacing can cause confusion and make it hard to understand the content.

![An image of showing how to use space to create hierachy and relationships between text elements](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-spacing-adjustments@2x.png)

---

## Font sizes

All font sizes have a ratio of 1.2, known as the major third type scale. This means that each size is multiplied or divided by 1.2 from the previous size, starting with the base size, and rounded to a multiple of 4px.

| Token             | px value | rem value |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------- |
| `p-font-size-700` | 40       | 2.5       |
| `p-font-size-600` | 32       | 2         |
| `p-font-size-500` | 28       | 1.75      |
| `p-font-size-400` | 24       | 1.5       |
| `p-font-size-300` | 20       | 1.25      |
| `p-font-size-200` | 16       | 1         |
| `p-font-size-100` | 14       | 0.875     |
| `p-font-size-75`  | 12       | 0.75      |

---

## Type styles

Polaris type styles are grouped into two categories: heading and body. Each has a default set of variants along with a set of options to allow for flexibility and a wide range of applications within the user interface. They use one scale, so they can be applied to any screen size.

### Body styles

Body styles are used within components and blocks of text.

![An image showing how body styles are applied](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-body-example-01@2x.png)

### Heading styles

Heading styles are used to create various levels of hierarchy on the page. These styles range in size and weight. Using a blend of the two can help distinguish content and guide merchants through the page.

`headingXl` - `heading4xl` styles are typically used for numerals and key moments in the merchant’s journey. As the largest text on the screen, use these styles sparingly within a single page. These styles should draw the merchant’s attention to important key pieces of information.

![An image showing how heading styles are applied](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-heading-example-01@2x.png)

`headingXs` - `headingLg` styles are most commonly used for card, section, or page titles.

![An image showing how large heading styles are applied](/images/foundations/design/typography/text-heading-example-02@2x.png)

### Responsive styles

Large heading styles, `headingLg` - `heading4xl`, are responsive and will change size at different breakpoints.

Small heading styles, `headingXs` - `headingMd`, and body styles will remain the same size regardless of breakpoint unless specified. You can choose to adjust the size of these styles at specific breakpoints when needed. For instance, you may need to increase the size of important body text on smaller screens.

<video width="100%" height="auto" controls autoplay muted loop>
  <source src="/images/foundations/design/typography/text-responsive.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

![An image showing how heading styles change based on breakpoint](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-responsive-styles@2x.png)

---

## Font stack

We use a font stack that adapts to the operating system it runs on, like macOS, iOS, Windows, Android or Linux distributions.

![A diagram showing a selection of default iOS, Mac, Windows, Android and Linux fonts](/images/foundations/design/typography/type-fontstack@2x.png)

- Apple devices will display [San Francisco](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/)
- Android devices will display
  [Roboto](https://material.io/guidelines/resources/roboto-noto-fonts.html)
- Devices running Windows will display
  [Segoe UI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Segoe#Segoe_UI)
- Machines running Linux will display the default sans-serif font for any running distribution

This font-stack makes sure all browsers can load platform-specific fonts:

```
-apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, San Francisco, Segoe UI, Roboto, Helvetica Neue, sans-serif
```

Add this to your CSS to preload system fonts and set up browsers for legibility:

```css
html {
  /* Load system fonts */
  font-family: -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, San Francisco, Segoe UI,
    Roboto, Helvetica Neue, sans-serif;

  /* Make type rendering look crisper */
  -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
  -moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;

  /* Deactivate auto-enlargement of small text in Safari */
  text-size-adjust: 100%;

  /* Enable kerning and optional ligatures */
  text-rendering: optimizeLegibility;
}

/**
 * Form elements render using OS defaults,
 * so font-family inheritance must be specifically declared
 */
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
  font-family: inherit;
}
```

---

## Mobile considerations

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Refer to the platform’s native font scales when designing experiences for native apps
- Refer to the small-screen scale when designing experiences for mobile browsers
- Use the platform-specific component library

#### Do

- Use the native font scale
- Keep in mind that all UI elements containing text will be affected
- Explore additional content height, width, truncation, and line wraps

<!-- end -->
