polaris.shopify.com/content/foundations/patterns/new-badge/index.md, before:

---
title: New badge
description: The [New] badge can be used to inform merchants about the release of a feature that creates new value. It should be used sparingly and for a short time frame.
icon: StarFilledMinor
keywords:
  - new badge
  - new features
  - new feature announcements
  - launching new features
  - badge
  - guidelines
  - principles
---

There’s opportunity to expand on this documentation. If you’d like to share ideas, or evolve the guidance, join the [Github discussion](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6751) or jump straight to updating the [documentation](https://polaris.shopify.com/contributing/documentation).

![Card with the new badge aligned to the right of the card heading](/images/foundations/patterns/new-badge/new-badge@2x.png)

## When to use the [New] badge

The [New] badge should be used on features that have all of these 3 characteristics:

- We want to drive adoption of this feature
- It’s creating new value for merchants (not just an improved way of doing something they are already doing)
- It’s worth distracting our merchants from their current workflow to inform them about a whole new part of Shopify

Consider how the admin would look if it was cluttered with [New] badges or features of varying importance—overusing the badge creates unnecessary distraction and lessens its impact.

## How long to use the [New] badge

[New] badges should have a short lifespan. The badge should disappear:

- When the user has clicked on the interactive element it’s attached to, or
- 5 days after they first saw it, or
- after 3 sessions, such as landing on a page 3 times

### What the [New] badge should look like

- Use the [informational badge variant](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/badge) to achieve the correct styling and color
- the badge should be right aligned or placed to the right of text
- the [page component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/page) in Polaris already places badges to the right of headings, so following this logic adds to the consistency of [New] badge use in the admin.

Commit message:

New badge update (#7095)
Added some new info about pips and took out the brackets that were confusing people.

Co-authored-by: Alex Page <hi@alexpage.dev>

polaris.shopify.com/content/foundations/patterns/new-badge/index.md, after:

---
title: New badge
description: The New badge can be used to inform merchants about the release of a feature that creates new value. It should be used sparingly and for a short time frame.
icon: StarFilledMinor
keywords:
  - new badge
  - new features
  - new feature announcements
  - launching new features
  - badge
  - guidelines
  - principles
---

There’s opportunity to expand on this documentation. If you’d like to share ideas, or evolve the guidance, join the [Github discussion](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6751) or jump straight to updating the [documentation](https://polaris.shopify.com/contributing/documentation).

![Card with the new badge aligned to the right of the card heading](/images/foundations/patterns/new-badge/new-badge@2x.png)

## When to use the New badge

The New badge should be used on features that have all of these 3 characteristics:

- We want to drive adoption of this feature
- It’s creating new value for merchants (not just an improved way of doing something they are already doing)
- It’s worth distracting our merchants from their current workflow to inform them about a whole new part of Shopify

Consider how the admin would look if it was cluttered with New badges or features of varying importance—overusing the badge creates unnecessary distraction and lessens its impact.

## How long to use the New badge

New badges should have a short lifespan. The badge should disappear:

- When the user has clicked on the interactive element it’s attached to, or
- 5 days after they first saw it, or
- after 3 sessions, such as landing on a page 3 times

### What the New badge should look like

- Use the [informational badge variant](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/badge) to achieve the correct styling and color
- the badge should be right aligned or placed to the right of text
- the [page component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/page) in Polaris already places badges to the right of headings, so following this logic adds to the consistency of [New] badge use in the admin.

## Pips

A pip can be used to highlight a status or new element in a list. For example, it could be placed next to a new notification in a list of notifications. It should not be used for representing new features.
