polaris.shopify.com/content/contributing/documentation/index.md, before:

---
title: Documenting in Polaris
keywords:
  - how to contribute to polaris documentation
  - how to contribute to the style guide
  - documenting in polaris
  - documentation guidelines
---

Shopify teams create documentation for polaris.shopify.com, but open source contributors are welcome to make copy edits as well as update or add examples to [component documentation](/contributing/components).

To write effectively as a Shopify employee, use a cross-discipline lens. Make sure your content meets both UX and development needs. Before starting, check out our [style guide to the style guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zVDsHIWhoir2svRjdtSdRbD_ruTz3K1nAJcQLGPVQwM/edit#heading=h.ni67tdntu9cr).

Most documentation about the design system is meant for polaris.shopify.com. However, there may be a reason for the content to live elsewhere. If you're not sure if something should live on this site, the Polaris team can help you figure that out.

## Making copy edits

Edits related to spelling, grammar, punctuation, or other typos should happen quickly and often. Both Shopify employees and open source contributors are welcome to submit copy edits.

To fix any copy issues on polaris.shopify.com, [open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo.

Note: If you find copy issues in other Polaris resources, follow the steps for that resource's contribution guidelines.

## Updating documentation

To expand or edit existing documentation:

1. Draft your proposed changes in Google Docs for easy collaboration. We recommend writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/), or converting your file to Markdown when finished.
2. Get feedback from subject matter experts or someone with high context around your changes, like a team member or your lead.
3. Reach out to the Polaris team to review your changes for style guide alignment.
4. [Open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo.

## Adding new documentation

New documentation in Polaris can range from component documentation, to content guidelines, to pattern guidance.

To create new documentation:

1. Book office hours with Polaris to share your rationale for why you think this addition would improve the design system.
2. Once the Polaris team provides feedback, draft the content in Google docs for easy collaboration. We recommend writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/), or converting your file to Markdown when finished.
3. Get feedback from subject matter experts, or someone with high context around your changes (team member, manager, etc.).
4. Reach out to the Polaris team again to review your changes for style guide alignment.
   <br /> If on review of the initial proposal the Polaris team suggests that the content should live somewhere besides the Polaris site, you don't need to have the content reviewed for style guide alignment.
5. [Open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo.

## Removing documentation

It's important that inaccurate or outdated information be removed as soon as possible. This helps maintain high trust in Polaris as a source of truth for design system guidance.

To remove documentation:

1. Reach out to subject matter experts, or someone with high context around the existing content, to confirm its relevance and accuracy
2. [Open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo

Commit message:

Large edit of Contribution section (#7082)
Made some sweeping edits to the contribution guidelines. Started with updating the outdated documentation contribution guidelines but caught a bunch more stuff as I clicked through the different sections:
- updated apostrophes to curly style
- updated the documentation contribution guidelines (removed mention of office hours, etc)
- trying to fix this **bug** where the keywords are showing up in the content:

<img width="635" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-01 at 10 07 57 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18617698/187972749-cb40fc58-5f12-46d6-877f-98511538bc69.png">

- made intro description less bulky looking by moving part of the paragraph down. Make this:
<img width="633" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-01 at 10 11 40 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18617698/187973063-55f01674-5b33-4101-981b-932842dc0753.png">

Look more like this:
<img width="613" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-01 at 10 11 52 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18617698/187973094-c3d7010d-f300-4beb-aabd-ce2f43a1d4b4.png">

polaris.shopify.com/content/contributing/documentation/index.md, after:

---
title: Documenting in Polaris
keywords:
  - how to contribute to polaris documentation
  - how to contribute to the style guide
  - documenting in polaris
  - documentation guidelines
---

Shopify teams create documentation for polaris.shopify.com, but open source contributors are welcome to make copy edits as well as update or add examples to [component documentation](/contributing/components).

To write effectively as a Shopify employee, use a cross-discipline lens. Make sure your content meets both UX and development needs. Before starting, check out our [style guide to the style guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zVDsHIWhoir2svRjdtSdRbD_ruTz3K1nAJcQLGPVQwM/edit#heading=h.ni67tdntu9cr).

Most documentation about the design system is meant for polaris.shopify.com. However, there may be a reason for the content to live elsewhere. If you’re not sure if something should live on this site, the Polaris team can help you figure that out.

## Making copy edits

Edits related to spelling, grammar, punctuation, or other typos should happen quickly and often. Both Shopify employees and open source contributors are welcome to submit copy edits.

To fix any copy issues on polaris.shopify.com, [open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo.

Note: If you find copy issues in other Polaris resources, follow the steps for that resource’s contribution guidelines.

## Updating documentation

To expand or edit existing documentation:

1. Draft your proposed changes in Google Docs for easy collaboration. We recommend writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/), or converting your file to Markdown when finished.
2. Get feedback from subject matter experts or someone with high context around your changes, like a team member or your lead.
3. Reach out to the Polaris team to review your changes for style guide alignment.
4. [Open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo.

## Adding new documentation

New documentation in Polaris can range from component documentation, to content guidelines, to pattern guidance.

To create new documentation:

1. Reach out to the Polaris team and we can help you:
- strategize where to add the documentation
- offer strategies and templates for drafting your documentation
- provide asynchronous feedback
- offer ad hoc pair writing session when you get stuck
2. Draft the content in Google docs for easy collaboration. We recommend writing in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/), or converting your file to Markdown when finished.
3. Get feedback from subject matter experts, or someone with high context around your changes (team member, manager, etc.).
4. [Open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo.

## Removing documentation

It’s important that inaccurate or outdated information be removed as soon as possible. This helps maintain high trust in Polaris as a source of truth for design system guidance.

To remove documentation:

1. Reach out to subject matter experts, or someone with high context around the existing content, to confirm its relevance and accuracy
2. [Open a pull request](/contributing/shipping-your-contribution#open-your-first-pr) in the [Shopify/polaris repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) GitHub repo
