polaris.shopify.com/content/components/typography/text.md, before:

---
title: Text
description: Typography helps establish hierarchy and communicate important content by creating clear visual patterns.
category: Typography
keywords:
  - titles
  - text
  - typographic
  - spacing
  - display
  - heading
  - body
  - success
  - critical
  - warning
  - subdued
  - regular
  - medium
  - semibold
  - bold
  - list
status:
  value: Beta
  message: This component is ready for wider adoption, usage is encouraged for most cases. Breaking changes are possible in minor version updates. To learn more please read about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle)
examples:
  - fileName: text-heading.tsx
    title: Heading
    description: >-
      Use to create various levels of hierarchy on the page.
  - fileName: text-body.tsx
    title: Body
    description: >-
      Use to create a range of body text. These styles are primarily used within components and blocks of text.
  - fileName: text-align.tsx
    title: Align
    description: >-
      Use to set text alignment.
  - fileName: text-weight.tsx
    title: Weight
    description: >-
      Use to give text a range of font weights.
  - fileName: text-color.tsx
    title: Color
    description: >-
      Use to set text color.
---

## Variant tokens

Each variant uses a predetermined combination of the [font tokens](/tokens/font) to set the font size and line height. Heading variants have a set font weight but can be overridden by using the `fontWeight` prop.

| Variant      | Font size token     | px value | rem value | Font line height token | Font weight token          | Reponsive |
| ------------ | ------------------- | -------- | --------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------- | --------- |
| `heading4Xl` | `--p-font-size-700` | 40       | 2.5       | `--p-line-height-7`    | `--p-font-weight-bold`     | Yes       |
| `heading3Xl` | `--p-font-size-600` | 32       | 2         | `--p-line-height-6`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `heading2Xl` | `--p-font-size-500` | 28       | 1.75      | `--p-line-height-5`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `headingXl`  | `--p-font-size-400` | 24       | 1.5       | `--p-line-height-4`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `headingLg`  | `--p-font-size-300` | 20       | 1.25      | `--p-line-height-3`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `headingMd`  | `--p-font-size-200` | 16       | 1         | `--p-line-height-3`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | No        |
| `headingSm`  | `--p-font-size-100` | 14       | 0.875     | `--p-line-height-2`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | No        |
| `headingXs`  | `--p-font-size-75`  | 12       | 0.75      | `--p-line-height-1`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | No        |
| `bodyLg`     | `--p-font-size-200` | 16       | 1         | `--p-line-height-2`    | `--p-font-weight-regular`  | No        |
| `bodyMd`     | `--p-font-size-100` | 14       | 0.875     | `--p-line-height-2`    | `--p-font-weight-regular`  | No        |
| `bodySm`     | `--p-font-size-75`  | 12       | 0.75      | `--p-line-height-1`    | `--p-font-weight-regular`  | No        |

---

## Mapping from previous type components

These are suggested replacements for existing text style components, but ultimately the best replacement should be evaluated based on the context of the usage. The `Text` component also requires setting the semantically appropriate html element through the `as` prop.

### DisplayText

#### Small

```diff
- <DisplayText size="small">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="headingLg" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

#### Medium

```diff
- <DisplayText size="medium">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="headingXl" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

#### Large

```diff
- <DisplayText size="large">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="heading2xl" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

#### Extra large

```diff
- <DisplayText size="extraLarge">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="heading4xl" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

### Heading

```diff
- <Heading>Online store dashboard</Heading>
+ <Text variant="headingMd" as="h2">Online store dashboard</Text>
```

### Subheading

```diff
- <Subheading>Accounts</Subheading>
+ <Text variant="headingXs" as="h3">Accounts</Text>
```

### Caption

```diff
- <Caption>Received April 21, 2017</Caption>
+ <Text variant="bodySm" as="p">Received April 21, 2017</Text>
```

### TextStyle

#### Subdued

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="subdued">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="subdued">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Strong

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="strong">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" fontWeight="semibold" >No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Positive

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="positive">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="success">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Negative

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="negative">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="critical">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Warning

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="warning">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="warning">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Code

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="code">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span"><InlineCode>No supplier listed</InlineCode></Text>
```

### VisuallyHidden

```diff
- <VisuallyHidden>
-   <Heading>Title and description</Heading>
- </VisuallyHidden>
+ <Text visuallyHidden as="h2">Title and description</Text>
```

---

## Best practices

### Headings

Headings use all the variants with `heading` in the name, such as `headingMd`. Headings should:

- Clearly describe the section of interface they refer to
- Highlight the most important concept or piece of information merchants need to know
- Sit at the top of the section of interface they’re referring to

### Captions

Captions use the `bodySm` Text variant.

- Use for secondary labels in graphs and charts
- May be used for timestamps in lists of content
- Don’t use this variant for other cases
- Don’t use this variant for text longer than a few words
- Don’t use this variant for aesthetic effect or to break from the standard text size

### Text styles

Text styles should be:

- Used when enhancing the text to help merchants understand its meaning
- Subdued if the text is less important than its surrounding text
- Warning if the text denotes something that needs attention, or that merchants need to take action on.
- Semibold for input fields, or for a row total in a price table
- Paired with symbols, like an arrow or dollar sign, when using success or critical styles

### Visually hidden

Visually hidden text should:

- Not be used if semantic markup can make content understandable to people using assistive technology
- Be used to provide extra context when semantic markup isn’t enough
- Be used on any content that is normally present but is being omitted
- Make sense in context when used with a screen reader

---

Commit message:

[Text] Add inheritance examples (#8700)
Text inherits parent properties like variant, alignment, color etc... we
should document this

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/typography/text.md, after:

---
title: Text
description: Typography helps establish hierarchy and communicate important content by creating clear visual patterns.
category: Typography
keywords:
  - titles
  - text
  - typographic
  - spacing
  - display
  - heading
  - body
  - success
  - critical
  - warning
  - subdued
  - regular
  - medium
  - semibold
  - bold
  - list
status:
  value: Beta
  message: This component is ready for wider adoption, usage is encouraged for most cases. Breaking changes are possible in minor version updates. To learn more please read about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle)
examples:
  - fileName: text-heading.tsx
    title: Heading
    description: >-
      Use to create various levels of hierarchy on the page.
  - fileName: text-body.tsx
    title: Body
    description: >-
      Use to create a range of body text. These styles are primarily used within components and blocks of text.
  - fileName: text-align.tsx
    title: Align
    description: >-
      Use to set text alignment.
  - fileName: text-weight.tsx
    title: Weight
    description: >-
      Use to give text a range of font weights.
  - fileName: text-color.tsx
    title: Color
    description: >-
      Use to set text color.
  - fileName: text-inheritance.tsx
    title: Inheritance
    description: >-
      Inherits props from a parent Text container
---

## Variant tokens

Each variant uses a predetermined combination of the [font tokens](/tokens/font) to set the font size and line height. Heading variants have a set font weight but can be overridden by using the `fontWeight` prop. Nested Text components will inherit properties from its parent Text container.

| Variant      | Font size token     | px value | rem value | Font line height token | Font weight token          | Reponsive |
| ------------ | ------------------- | -------- | --------- | ---------------------- | -------------------------- | --------- |
| `heading4Xl` | `--p-font-size-700` | 40       | 2.5       | `--p-line-height-7`    | `--p-font-weight-bold`     | Yes       |
| `heading3Xl` | `--p-font-size-600` | 32       | 2         | `--p-line-height-6`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `heading2Xl` | `--p-font-size-500` | 28       | 1.75      | `--p-line-height-5`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `headingXl`  | `--p-font-size-400` | 24       | 1.5       | `--p-line-height-4`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `headingLg`  | `--p-font-size-300` | 20       | 1.25      | `--p-line-height-3`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | Yes       |
| `headingMd`  | `--p-font-size-200` | 16       | 1         | `--p-line-height-3`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | No        |
| `headingSm`  | `--p-font-size-100` | 14       | 0.875     | `--p-line-height-2`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | No        |
| `headingXs`  | `--p-font-size-75`  | 12       | 0.75      | `--p-line-height-1`    | `--p-font-weight-semibold` | No        |
| `bodyLg`     | `--p-font-size-200` | 16       | 1         | `--p-line-height-2`    | `--p-font-weight-regular`  | No        |
| `bodyMd`     | `--p-font-size-100` | 14       | 0.875     | `--p-line-height-2`    | `--p-font-weight-regular`  | No        |
| `bodySm`     | `--p-font-size-75`  | 12       | 0.75      | `--p-line-height-1`    | `--p-font-weight-regular`  | No        |

---

## Mapping from previous type components

These are suggested replacements for existing text style components, but ultimately the best replacement should be evaluated based on the context of the usage. The `Text` component also requires setting the semantically appropriate html element through the `as` prop.

### DisplayText

#### Small

```diff
- <DisplayText size="small">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="headingLg" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

#### Medium

```diff
- <DisplayText size="medium">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="headingXl" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

#### Large

```diff
- <DisplayText size="large">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="heading2xl" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

#### Extra large

```diff
- <DisplayText size="extraLarge">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text variant="heading4xl" as="p">Sales this year</Text>
```

### Heading

```diff
- <Heading>Online store dashboard</Heading>
+ <Text variant="headingMd" as="h2">Online store dashboard</Text>
```

### Subheading

```diff
- <Subheading>Accounts</Subheading>
+ <Text variant="headingXs" as="h3">Accounts</Text>
```

### Caption

```diff
- <Caption>Received April 21, 2017</Caption>
+ <Text variant="bodySm" as="p">Received April 21, 2017</Text>
```

### TextStyle

#### Subdued

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="subdued">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="subdued">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Strong

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="strong">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" fontWeight="semibold" >No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Positive

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="positive">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="success">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Negative

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="negative">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="critical">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Warning

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="warning">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span" color="warning">No supplier listed</Text>
```

#### Code

```diff
- <TextStyle variation="code">No supplier listed</TextStyle>
+ <Text as="span"><InlineCode>No supplier listed</InlineCode></Text>
```

### VisuallyHidden

```diff
- <VisuallyHidden>
-   <Heading>Title and description</Heading>
- </VisuallyHidden>
+ <Text visuallyHidden as="h2">Title and description</Text>
```

---

## Best practices

### Headings

Headings use all the variants with `heading` in the name, such as `headingMd`. Headings should:

- Clearly describe the section of interface they refer to
- Highlight the most important concept or piece of information merchants need to know
- Sit at the top of the section of interface they’re referring to

### Captions

Captions use the `bodySm` Text variant.

- Use for secondary labels in graphs and charts
- May be used for timestamps in lists of content
- Don’t use this variant for other cases
- Don’t use this variant for text longer than a few words
- Don’t use this variant for aesthetic effect or to break from the standard text size

### Text styles

Text styles should be:

- Used when enhancing the text to help merchants understand its meaning
- Subdued if the text is less important than its surrounding text
- Warning if the text denotes something that needs attention, or that merchants need to take action on.
- Semibold for input fields, or for a row total in a price table
- Paired with symbols, like an arrow or dollar sign, when using success or critical styles

### Visually hidden

Visually hidden text should:

- Not be used if semantic markup can make content understandable to people using assistive technology
- Be used to provide extra context when semantic markup isn’t enough
- Be used on any content that is normally present but is being omitted
- Make sense in context when used with a screen reader

---
