polaris.shopify.com/content/components/selection-and-input/date-picker.md, before:

---
title: Date picker
description: Date pickers let merchants choose dates from a visual calendar that’s consistently applied wherever dates need to be selected across Shopify.
category: Selection and input
keywords:
  - DatePicker
  - month
  - day
  - year
  - weekday
  - choose date
  - pick date
  - pick time
  - date picker
  - calendar
  - date selector
  - date range picker
  - date range selector
  status:
  value: Alert
  message: We are adding patterns to components pages. Check out related patterns, expect changes to happen, and join the discussion to make it better!
examples:
  - fileName: date-picker-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use when merchants need to select a single day close to today (today is the default starting position for the date picker).
  - fileName: date-picker-ranged.tsx
    title: Ranged
    description: Use when merchants need to select a range of days close to today (today is the default starting position for the date picker).
  - fileName: date-picker-multi-month-ranged.tsx
    title: Multi-month ranged
    description: Use multi-month mode to show two months at a time.
  - fileName: date-picker-with-disabled-date-ranges.tsx
    title: With disabled date ranges
    description: Date ranges may be disabed if you do not want them to be selectable
  - fileName: date-picker-with-specific-disabled-dates.tsx
    title: With specific disabled dates
    description: Dates may be disabed if you do not want them to be selectable
---

## Best practices

Date pickers should:

- Use smart defaults and highlight common selections
- Close after a single date is selected unless a range with a start and end date is required
- Set the start date on first click or tap and the end date on second click or tap if a range is required
- Not be used to enter a date that is many years in the future or the past
- Follow [date format guidelines](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/grammar-and-mechanics#dates--numbers--and-measurements)

---

## Accessibility

Some users might find interacting with date pickers to be challenging. When you use the date picker component, always give users the option to enter the date using a text field component as well.

If you use the date picker within a [popover component](/components/overlays/popover), then use a button to trigger the popover instead of displaying the popover when the text input gets focus. This gives users more control over their experience.

### Keyboard support

- Press the <kbd>tab</kbd> key to move forward and <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> to move backward through the previous button, next button, and the calendar
- When focus is in the calendar, move keyboard focus between the dates using the arrow keys
- To select a date that has focus, press the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key

## Related Patterns

- [Date Picking](/patterns/date-picking)

Commit message:

trying to add an update banner

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/selection-and-input/date-picker.md, after:

---
title: Date picker
description: Date pickers let merchants choose dates from a visual calendar that’s consistently applied wherever dates need to be selected across Shopify.
category: Selection and input
keywords:
  - DatePicker
  - month
  - day
  - year
  - weekday
  - choose date
  - pick date
  - pick time
  - date picker
  - calendar
  - date selector
  - date range picker
  - date range selector
update: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [Component lifecycle](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: date-picker-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use when merchants need to select a single day close to today (today is the default starting position for the date picker).
  - fileName: date-picker-ranged.tsx
    title: Ranged
    description: Use when merchants need to select a range of days close to today (today is the default starting position for the date picker).
  - fileName: date-picker-multi-month-ranged.tsx
    title: Multi-month ranged
    description: Use multi-month mode to show two months at a time.
  - fileName: date-picker-with-disabled-date-ranges.tsx
    title: With disabled date ranges
    description: Date ranges may be disabed if you do not want them to be selectable
  - fileName: date-picker-with-specific-disabled-dates.tsx
    title: With specific disabled dates
    description: Dates may be disabed if you do not want them to be selectable
---

## Best practices

Date pickers should:

- Use smart defaults and highlight common selections
- Close after a single date is selected unless a range with a start and end date is required
- Set the start date on first click or tap and the end date on second click or tap if a range is required
- Not be used to enter a date that is many years in the future or the past
- Follow [date format guidelines](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/grammar-and-mechanics#dates--numbers--and-measurements)

---

## Accessibility

Some users might find interacting with date pickers to be challenging. When you use the date picker component, always give users the option to enter the date using a text field component as well.

If you use the date picker within a [popover component](/components/overlays/popover), then use a button to trigger the popover instead of displaying the popover when the text input gets focus. This gives users more control over their experience.

### Keyboard support

- Press the <kbd>tab</kbd> key to move forward and <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> to move backward through the previous button, next button, and the calendar
- When focus is in the calendar, move keyboard focus between the dates using the arrow keys
- To select a date that has focus, press the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key

## Related Patterns

- [Date Picking](/patterns/date-picking)
