polaris.shopify.com/content/components/selection-and-input/text-field.md, before:

---
title: Text field
description: A text field is an input field that merchants can type into. It has a range of options and supports several text formats including numbers.
category: Selection and input
keywords:
  - TextField
  - input
  - textarea
  - type
  - add info
  - form field
  - input forms
  - form input
  - field
  - active state
  - input active state
  - input state
  - input focus
  - focus
  - textbar
  - text bar
  - forms
  - form inputs
  - form text input
  - placeholder text
  - field placeholder text
  - optional fields
  - field help text
  - validation error messages
  - field labels
  - number fields
  - email fields
  - multiline
  - hidden label
  - label action
  - placeholder text
  - help text
  - prefix or suffix
  - connected fields
  - label actions
  - hidden labels
  - separate error message
  - icon action
examples:
  - fileName: text-field-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use to allow merchants to provide text input when the expected input is short. For longer input, use the auto grow or multiline options.
  - fileName: text-field-number.tsx
    title: Number
    description: Use when input text should be a number.
  - fileName: text-field-email.tsx
    title: Email
    description: Use when the text input should be an email address.
  - fileName: text-field-multiline.tsx
    title: Multiline
    description: Use when the expected input could be more than one line. The field will automatically grow to accommodate additional text.
  - fileName: text-field-with-hidden-label.tsx
    title: With hidden label
    description: Use to visually hide the label when the text field’s purpose is clear from context. The label will remain available to screen readers. Use this option with care. In almost all cases, show the label.
  - fileName: text-field-with-label-action.tsx
    title: With label action
    description: Use when an optional, secondary action is closely associated with a text field. For example, on a field for entering a customs tariff code, a label action might be to look up the appropriate code from a table.
  - fileName: text-field-with-right-aligned-text.tsx
    title: With right aligned text
    description: Use when input text should be aligned right.
  - fileName: text-field-with-placeholder-text.tsx
    title: With placeholder text
    description: Use to provide a short, non-essential hint about the expected input. Placeholder text is low-contrast, so don’t rely on it for important information.
  - fileName: text-field-with-help-text.tsx
    title: With help text
    description: Use to show short instructional content below the text field. Help text works to help merchants understand how to fix errors that result from incorrect formatting (such as dates or passwords with specific character requirements). If more explanation is needed, link to the Shopify Help Center.
  - fileName: text-field-with-prefix-or-suffix.tsx
    title: With prefix or suffix
    description: Use as a special form of help text that works best inline. Use a prefix for things like currency symbols (“\$”, “¥”, “£”). Use suffix for things like units of measure (“in”, “cm”).
  - fileName: text-field-with-vertical-content.tsx
    title: With vertical content
    description: Use to include custom vertical content above the input value, like selected tags.
  - fileName: text-field-with-connected-fields.tsx
    title: With connected fields
    description: Use when a text field and several related fields make up a logical unit. If inputting weight as a number and a separate unit of measurement, use a text field with a [select dropdown menu](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/select) (for example “kg”, “lb”) as a connected field.
  - fileName: text-field-with-validation-error.tsx
    title: With validation error
    description: Use to let merchants know if their input is valid or if there’s an error. Whenever possible, validate input as soon as merchants have finished interacting with a field (but not before). If a field already has an error, validate and remove errors as merchants type so they can immediately see when an error has been fixed.
  - fileName: text-field-with-separate-validation-error.tsx
    title: With separate validation error
    description: Use to let merchants know when their text field input is invalid in the context of a group of form inputs that the text field depends on.
  - fileName: text-field-disabled.tsx
    title: Disabled
    description: Use to show that a textfield is not available for interaction. Most often used in forms when information is required only in a particular state. For example, the text field next to Other in a choice list when Other is not selected.
  - fileName: text-field-with-character-count.tsx
    title: With character count
    description: Use to display the current number of characters in a text field. Use in conjunction with max length to display the current remaining number of characters in the text field.
  - fileName: text-field-with-clear-button.tsx
    title: With clear button
    description: Use to allow merchants to clear the content from a text field.
  - fileName: text-field-with-monospaced-font.tsx
    title: With monospaced font
    description: Use to apply a monospaced font to the TextField
  - fileName: text-field-with-value-selected-on-focus.tsx
    title: With value selected on focus
    description: Use to select all text inside TextField on focus.
  - fileName: text-field-with-inline-suggestion.tsx
    title: With inline suggestion
    description: Use to provide an autocomplete suggestion inline with the input value. See the combobox component's tag multi-select example for full implementation of the inline autocomplete pattern.
---

## Best practices

Text fields should:

- Be clearly labeled so it’s obvious to merchants what they should enter into the field
- Be labeled as “Optional” when you need to request input that’s not required
- Only ask for information that’s really needed
- Validate input as soon as merchants have finished interacting with a field (but not before)

### Autocomplete

The autocomplete attribute in an `input` field controls two types of browser behavior:

1. **Browser autofill**: a feature that automatically populates form fields with previously-saved information, such as passwords, addresses, and credit card data.

- Autofill is an important feature for our users. Google has found that ["users complete forms up to 30% faster"](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2015/06/checkout-faster-with-autofill?hl=en) when using autofill.
- The WHATWG has a list of supported autofill values for the `autocomplete` attribute. [Review the section "4.10.18.7 Autofill"](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#autofill) for all the input types and their corresponding autocomplete attribute values.

2. **Browser autocomplete** - a feature that displays previously submitted values for that field.

- When this is on for a field, a user is presented a list with previously submitted values for the input

**Recommendation**

> Always add an autocomplete attribute and value to inputs if the type is: color, date, datetime-local, email, month, number, password, range, search, tel, text, time, url, or week.

#### Turning autofill/autocomplete off

Even if you do not want the browser to autofill a user's information, it is recommended you still have an autocomplete attribute with the value off or nope.

Unfortunately, [not all browsers support](https://caniuse.com/input-autocomplete-onoff) or respect autocomplete="off". This makes things challenging. Chrome, for example, [has a long outstanding bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=468153) and won't add support for off for now.

| Browser | Support for `autocomplete="off"` | Details                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Chrome  | Partial                          | Intentionally ignores `off` value when the user uses the browser's autofill functionality. [See bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=468153). |
| Safari  | Partial                          | Ignores `off` value for `username`, `email` and `password` fields.                                                                                                  |
| Firefox | Partial                          | Ignores `off` value for login forms. [See bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=956906).                                                                |
| Edge    | Partial                          | Intentionally ignores `off` value when the user uses the browser's autofill functionality.                                                                          |

Chrome does seem to turn autocomplete off when using the value nope (or any non valid string). However, we have seen some inconsistencies even with that support.

**Recommendation (Chrome only)**

- Turning off both **autofill** and **browser autocomplete** (previously submitted values) in Chrome
  - Use `autocomplete=nope` and also **must have a `name` attribute**.
- Turning off **browser autocomplete** (previously submitted values) in Chrome
  - If you don't have `name` attribute and the field is not a typical autofill input (address, email, etc), use `autocomplete=off`.

### Virtual keyboard

![Examples of different number keyboards set with inputMode](/images/components/selection-and-input/text-field/virtual-keyboards.png)

The `inputMode` property should be set to select the appropriate virtual keyboard for the type of data expected to be entered by the user. Above are examples of different number keyboards set with `inputMode`.

---

## Content guidelines

For text field content guidelines, reference the [text fields experience](https://polaris.shopify.com/patterns/text-fields) page.

---

## Related components

- To lay out the elements in a responsive form, [use the form layout component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/form-layout)
- To describe an invalid form input with a separate validation error, [use the inline error component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/inline-error)
- It’s common to [use a select component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/select) connected to the left or right of a text field.

---

## Accessibility

### Structure

Screen readers convey information about text fields automatically through native HTML.

- Use the `disabled` prop to add the HTML `disabled` attribute to the text field.
- Use the `readOnly` prop to add the HTML `readonly` attribute to the text field.
- If you use the `type` prop, then some assistive technologies adapt the software keyboard to the current task. This helps merchants with mobility, vision, and cognitive issues to enter information more easily.

Use the `id` prop to provide a unique `id` attribute value for the text field. If you don't provide an `id`, then the component generates one automatically. All text fields need to have unique `id` values.

### Labeling

The `label` prop is required to convey the purpose of the checkbox to all merchants.

If there are separate visual cues that convey the purpose of the text field to sighted merchants, then the label can be visually hidden with the `labelHidden` prop.

When you provide help text via the `helpText` prop or an inline error message via the `error` prop, the help or error content is conveyed to screen reader users with the `aria-describedby` attribute. This attribute causes the content to be read along with the label, either immediately or after a short delay.

Use the `placeholder` prop to provide additional instructions. However, don’t rely on placeholders alone since the content isn’t always conveyed to all merchants.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Use the label to provide instructions critical to using the text field
- Use help text and placeholder text to provide additional, non-critical instructions

#### Don’t

Use the placeholder to provide information that’s required to use the text field.

<!-- end -->

### Keyboard support

Text fields have standard keyboard support.

- Merchants who rely on the keyboard expect to move focus to each text field using the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards)
- If the `type` is set to `number`, then merchants can use the up and down arrow keys to adjust the value typed into the field
- Using the `stepperShownOnInteraction` prop if the `type` is set to `number` allows to hide the stepper arrows by default and show them when the field is interacted with to mimic the default browser behaviour
- Using the `disabled` prop will prevent the text field from receive keyboard focus or inputs
- The `readOnly` prop allows focus on the text field but prevents input or editing
- The `inputMode` prop can be used to bring up a relevant keyboard for merchants on mobile; it’s passed down to the input as an [`inputmode` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode)

#### Automatically focusing

Although you can use the `autoFocus` prop to automatically move focus to the text field, it’s generally best to avoid focusing on fields automatically. The `autoFocus` prop is set to `false` by default and should only be used in cases where it won’t force focus to skip other controls or content of equal or greater importance.

Commit message:

PR feedback: make hiding the stepper a default behaviour with CSS

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/selection-and-input/text-field.md, after:

---
title: Text field
description: A text field is an input field that merchants can type into. It has a range of options and supports several text formats including numbers.
category: Selection and input
keywords:
  - TextField
  - input
  - textarea
  - type
  - add info
  - form field
  - input forms
  - form input
  - field
  - active state
  - input active state
  - input state
  - input focus
  - focus
  - textbar
  - text bar
  - forms
  - form inputs
  - form text input
  - placeholder text
  - field placeholder text
  - optional fields
  - field help text
  - validation error messages
  - field labels
  - number fields
  - email fields
  - multiline
  - hidden label
  - label action
  - placeholder text
  - help text
  - prefix or suffix
  - connected fields
  - label actions
  - hidden labels
  - separate error message
  - icon action
examples:
  - fileName: text-field-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use to allow merchants to provide text input when the expected input is short. For longer input, use the auto grow or multiline options.
  - fileName: text-field-number.tsx
    title: Number
    description: Use when input text should be a number.
  - fileName: text-field-email.tsx
    title: Email
    description: Use when the text input should be an email address.
  - fileName: text-field-multiline.tsx
    title: Multiline
    description: Use when the expected input could be more than one line. The field will automatically grow to accommodate additional text.
  - fileName: text-field-with-hidden-label.tsx
    title: With hidden label
    description: Use to visually hide the label when the text field’s purpose is clear from context. The label will remain available to screen readers. Use this option with care. In almost all cases, show the label.
  - fileName: text-field-with-label-action.tsx
    title: With label action
    description: Use when an optional, secondary action is closely associated with a text field. For example, on a field for entering a customs tariff code, a label action might be to look up the appropriate code from a table.
  - fileName: text-field-with-right-aligned-text.tsx
    title: With right aligned text
    description: Use when input text should be aligned right.
  - fileName: text-field-with-placeholder-text.tsx
    title: With placeholder text
    description: Use to provide a short, non-essential hint about the expected input. Placeholder text is low-contrast, so don’t rely on it for important information.
  - fileName: text-field-with-help-text.tsx
    title: With help text
    description: Use to show short instructional content below the text field. Help text works to help merchants understand how to fix errors that result from incorrect formatting (such as dates or passwords with specific character requirements). If more explanation is needed, link to the Shopify Help Center.
  - fileName: text-field-with-prefix-or-suffix.tsx
    title: With prefix or suffix
    description: Use as a special form of help text that works best inline. Use a prefix for things like currency symbols (“\$”, “¥”, “£”). Use suffix for things like units of measure (“in”, “cm”).
  - fileName: text-field-with-vertical-content.tsx
    title: With vertical content
    description: Use to include custom vertical content above the input value, like selected tags.
  - fileName: text-field-with-connected-fields.tsx
    title: With connected fields
    description: Use when a text field and several related fields make up a logical unit. If inputting weight as a number and a separate unit of measurement, use a text field with a [select dropdown menu](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/select) (for example “kg”, “lb”) as a connected field.
  - fileName: text-field-with-validation-error.tsx
    title: With validation error
    description: Use to let merchants know if their input is valid or if there’s an error. Whenever possible, validate input as soon as merchants have finished interacting with a field (but not before). If a field already has an error, validate and remove errors as merchants type so they can immediately see when an error has been fixed.
  - fileName: text-field-with-separate-validation-error.tsx
    title: With separate validation error
    description: Use to let merchants know when their text field input is invalid in the context of a group of form inputs that the text field depends on.
  - fileName: text-field-disabled.tsx
    title: Disabled
    description: Use to show that a textfield is not available for interaction. Most often used in forms when information is required only in a particular state. For example, the text field next to Other in a choice list when Other is not selected.
  - fileName: text-field-with-character-count.tsx
    title: With character count
    description: Use to display the current number of characters in a text field. Use in conjunction with max length to display the current remaining number of characters in the text field.
  - fileName: text-field-with-clear-button.tsx
    title: With clear button
    description: Use to allow merchants to clear the content from a text field.
  - fileName: text-field-with-monospaced-font.tsx
    title: With monospaced font
    description: Use to apply a monospaced font to the TextField
  - fileName: text-field-with-value-selected-on-focus.tsx
    title: With value selected on focus
    description: Use to select all text inside TextField on focus.
  - fileName: text-field-with-inline-suggestion.tsx
    title: With inline suggestion
    description: Use to provide an autocomplete suggestion inline with the input value. See the combobox component's tag multi-select example for full implementation of the inline autocomplete pattern.
---

## Best practices

Text fields should:

- Be clearly labeled so it’s obvious to merchants what they should enter into the field
- Be labeled as “Optional” when you need to request input that’s not required
- Only ask for information that’s really needed
- Validate input as soon as merchants have finished interacting with a field (but not before)

### Autocomplete

The autocomplete attribute in an `input` field controls two types of browser behavior:

1. **Browser autofill**: a feature that automatically populates form fields with previously-saved information, such as passwords, addresses, and credit card data.

- Autofill is an important feature for our users. Google has found that ["users complete forms up to 30% faster"](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2015/06/checkout-faster-with-autofill?hl=en) when using autofill.
- The WHATWG has a list of supported autofill values for the `autocomplete` attribute. [Review the section "4.10.18.7 Autofill"](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#autofill) for all the input types and their corresponding autocomplete attribute values.

2. **Browser autocomplete** - a feature that displays previously submitted values for that field.

- When this is on for a field, a user is presented a list with previously submitted values for the input

**Recommendation**

> Always add an autocomplete attribute and value to inputs if the type is: color, date, datetime-local, email, month, number, password, range, search, tel, text, time, url, or week.

#### Turning autofill/autocomplete off

Even if you do not want the browser to autofill a user's information, it is recommended you still have an autocomplete attribute with the value off or nope.

Unfortunately, [not all browsers support](https://caniuse.com/input-autocomplete-onoff) or respect autocomplete="off". This makes things challenging. Chrome, for example, [has a long outstanding bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=468153) and won't add support for off for now.

| Browser | Support for `autocomplete="off"` | Details                                                                                                                                                             |
| ------- | -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Chrome  | Partial                          | Intentionally ignores `off` value when the user uses the browser's autofill functionality. [See bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=468153). |
| Safari  | Partial                          | Ignores `off` value for `username`, `email` and `password` fields.                                                                                                  |
| Firefox | Partial                          | Ignores `off` value for login forms. [See bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=956906).                                                                |
| Edge    | Partial                          | Intentionally ignores `off` value when the user uses the browser's autofill functionality.                                                                          |

Chrome does seem to turn autocomplete off when using the value nope (or any non valid string). However, we have seen some inconsistencies even with that support.

**Recommendation (Chrome only)**

- Turning off both **autofill** and **browser autocomplete** (previously submitted values) in Chrome
  - Use `autocomplete=nope` and also **must have a `name` attribute**.
- Turning off **browser autocomplete** (previously submitted values) in Chrome
  - If you don't have `name` attribute and the field is not a typical autofill input (address, email, etc), use `autocomplete=off`.

### Virtual keyboard

![Examples of different number keyboards set with inputMode](/images/components/selection-and-input/text-field/virtual-keyboards.png)

The `inputMode` property should be set to select the appropriate virtual keyboard for the type of data expected to be entered by the user. Above are examples of different number keyboards set with `inputMode`.

---

## Content guidelines

For text field content guidelines, reference the [text fields experience](https://polaris.shopify.com/patterns/text-fields) page.

---

## Related components

- To lay out the elements in a responsive form, [use the form layout component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/form-layout)
- To describe an invalid form input with a separate validation error, [use the inline error component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/inline-error)
- It’s common to [use a select component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/select) connected to the left or right of a text field.

---

## Accessibility

### Structure

Screen readers convey information about text fields automatically through native HTML.

- Use the `disabled` prop to add the HTML `disabled` attribute to the text field.
- Use the `readOnly` prop to add the HTML `readonly` attribute to the text field.
- If you use the `type` prop, then some assistive technologies adapt the software keyboard to the current task. This helps merchants with mobility, vision, and cognitive issues to enter information more easily.

Use the `id` prop to provide a unique `id` attribute value for the text field. If you don't provide an `id`, then the component generates one automatically. All text fields need to have unique `id` values.

### Labeling

The `label` prop is required to convey the purpose of the checkbox to all merchants.

If there are separate visual cues that convey the purpose of the text field to sighted merchants, then the label can be visually hidden with the `labelHidden` prop.

When you provide help text via the `helpText` prop or an inline error message via the `error` prop, the help or error content is conveyed to screen reader users with the `aria-describedby` attribute. This attribute causes the content to be read along with the label, either immediately or after a short delay.

Use the `placeholder` prop to provide additional instructions. However, don’t rely on placeholders alone since the content isn’t always conveyed to all merchants.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Use the label to provide instructions critical to using the text field
- Use help text and placeholder text to provide additional, non-critical instructions

#### Don’t

Use the placeholder to provide information that’s required to use the text field.

<!-- end -->

### Keyboard support

Text fields have standard keyboard support.

- Merchants who rely on the keyboard expect to move focus to each text field using the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards)
- If the `type` is set to `number`, then merchants can use the up and down arrow keys to adjust the value typed into the field when hovering over or focusing the field to make the arrows appear
- Using the `disabled` prop will prevent the text field from receive keyboard focus or inputs
- The `readOnly` prop allows focus on the text field but prevents input or editing
- The `inputMode` prop can be used to bring up a relevant keyboard for merchants on mobile; it’s passed down to the input as an [`inputmode` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode)

#### Automatically focusing

Although you can use the `autoFocus` prop to automatically move focus to the text field, it’s generally best to avoid focusing on fields automatically. The `autoFocus` prop is set to `false` by default and should only be used in cases where it won’t force focus to skip other controls or content of equal or greater importance.
