polaris.shopify.com/content/components/navigation/tabs.md, before:

---
title: Tabs
description: Use to alternate among related views within the same context.
category: Navigation
keywords:
  - layout
  - navigate
  - organize
  - list views
  - list filters
  - fitted tabs
  - segmented controls
  - scrollable
examples:
  - fileName: tabs-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use for most cases, especially when the number of tabs may be more than three.
  - fileName: tabs-fitted.tsx
    title: Fitted
    description: Use when tabs contain a few (2 or 3) items within a narrow column.
  - fileName: tabs-with-badge-content.tsx
    title: With badge content
    description: Use to inform a piece of information about the tabs.
  - fileName: tabs-with-custom-disclosure.tsx
    title: With custom disclosure
    description: Use to provide information about the popover contents
---

## Best practices

Tabs should:

- Represent the same kind of content, such as a list-view with different filters applied. Don’t use tabs to group content that is dissimilar.
- Only be active one at a time.
- Not force merchants to jump back and forth to do a single task. Merchants should be able to complete their work and find what they need under each tab.
- Not be used for primary navigation.

---

## Content guidelines

### Tabs

Tabs should:

- Be clearly labeled to help differentiate the different sections beneath them.
- Have short and scannable labels, generally kept to single word.
- Relate to the section of Shopify they’re on. Imagine the page section title is an invisible noun after the tab. For example, the tabs for the orders section are:

  - All
  - Open
  - Unfulfilled
  - Unpaid

The tabs for the gift cards section are:

- All
- New
- Partially used
- Used
- Disabled

And for the customers section, the tabs are:

- All
- New
- Returning
- Abandoned checkouts
- Email subscribers

Where possible, follow this pattern when writing tabs.

Commit message:

chore: add actions example to tabs

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/navigation/tabs.md, after:

---
title: Tabs
description: Use to alternate among related views within the same context.
category: Navigation
keywords:
  - layout
  - navigate
  - organize
  - list views
  - list filters
  - fitted tabs
  - segmented controls
  - scrollable
examples:
  - fileName: tabs-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use for most cases, especially when the number of tabs may be more than three.
  - fileName: tabs-fitted.tsx
    title: Fitted
    description: Use when tabs contain a few (2 or 3) items within a narrow column.
  - fileName: tabs-with-badge-content.tsx
    title: With badge content
    description: Use to inform a piece of information about the tabs.
  - fileName: tabs-with-custom-disclosure.tsx
    title: With custom disclosure
    description: Use to provide information about the popover contents
  - fileName: tabs-with-actions.tsx
    title: With actions
    description: Use when actions need to be performed on a tab.
---

## Best practices

Tabs should:

- Represent the same kind of content, such as a list-view with different filters applied. Don’t use tabs to group content that is dissimilar.
- Only be active one at a time.
- Not force merchants to jump back and forth to do a single task. Merchants should be able to complete their work and find what they need under each tab.
- Not be used for primary navigation.

---

## Content guidelines

### Tabs

Tabs should:

- Be clearly labeled to help differentiate the different sections beneath them.
- Have short and scannable labels, generally kept to single word.
- Relate to the section of Shopify they’re on. Imagine the page section title is an invisible noun after the tab. For example, the tabs for the orders section are:

  - All
  - Open
  - Unfulfilled
  - Unpaid

The tabs for the gift cards section are:

- All
- New
- Partially used
- Used
- Disabled

And for the customers section, the tabs are:

- All
- New
- Returning
- Abandoned checkouts
- Email subscribers

Where possible, follow this pattern when writing tabs.
