polaris.shopify.com/content/components/images-and-icons/avatar.md, before:

---
title: Avatar
description: Avatars are used to show a thumbnail representation of an individual or business in the interface.
category: Images and icons
keywords:
  - photo
  - profile
  - picture
  - thumbnail
  - default face
  - face picture
  - customer avatar
  - customer face
  - customer picture
  - business face
  - business picture
  - customer avatar
  - business avatar
  - customer thumbnail
  - business thumbnail
examples:
  - fileName: avatar-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use to present an avatar for a merchant, customer, or business.
  - fileName: avatar-extra-small.tsx
    title: Extra small
    description: Use to present an avatar in a condensed layout, such as a data table cell or an action list item.
  - fileName: avatar-square.tsx
    title: Square
    description: Use a `square` shape when the avatar represents a non-person entity like an app, channel, or store.
---

## Best practices

Avatars should be one of 4 sizes:

- Extra small (24 x 24 px): use in tightly condensed layouts
- Small (32 × 32 px): use when the medium size is too big for the layout, or when the avatar has less importance
- Medium (40 × 40 px): use as the default size
- Large (60 × 60 px): use when an avatar is a focal point, such as on a single customer card

---

## Content guidelines

Any time you use an image to communicate a concept on Shopify, it’s important to use descriptive [alt text](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/alternative-text). Doing this is important for [accessibility](https://polaris.shopify.com/foundations/accessibility) because it allows screen readers to describe what’s in the image to people who may not be able to see it.

For avatars, we recommend using a format that describes what will show in the image:

- `alt="Person’s name"` if the avatar represents a person
- `alt="Business’s name"` if the avatar represents a business
- `alt=""` if the name of the person/business appears next to the avatar as text

---

## Related components

- To show a thumbnail for an object rather than a person or business, [use the thumbnail component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/thumbnail)

---

## Accessibility

### Structure

The avatar component uses a generated scalable vector graphics (SVG) file, which can cause challenges for merchants that use assistive technologies. To create a standard experience, the `<img>` is hidden from assistive technologies by using an empty `alt` attribute, and replaced with a `<span>` that has `role=”img”`.

### Labeling

The avatar component represents content, and should have a text equivalent for merchants using assistive technologies. By default, the value of the `name` prop is used for the alternative text. If different text would be more accurate, use the `accessibilityLabel` prop to replace the value provided by `name`.

Commit message:

[Avatar] Fix initials overflowing when round

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/images-and-icons/avatar.md, after:

---
title: Avatar
description: Avatars are used to show a thumbnail representation of an individual or business in the interface.
category: Images and icons
keywords:
  - photo
  - profile
  - picture
  - thumbnail
  - default face
  - face picture
  - customer avatar
  - customer face
  - customer picture
  - business face
  - business picture
  - customer avatar
  - business avatar
  - customer thumbnail
  - business thumbnail
examples:
  - fileName: avatar-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use to present an avatar for a merchant, customer, or business.
  - fileName: avatar-initials.tsx
    title: Initials
    description: Use to present an avatar with initials for a merchant, customer, or business.
  - fileName: avatar-extra-small.tsx
    title: Extra small
    description: Use to present an avatar in a condensed layout, such as a data table cell or an action list item.
  - fileName: avatar-square.tsx
    title: Square
    description: Use a `square` shape when the avatar represents a non-person entity like an app, channel, or store.
---

## Best practices

Avatars should be one of 4 sizes:

- Extra small (24 x 24 px): use in tightly condensed layouts
- Small (32 × 32 px): use when the medium size is too big for the layout, or when the avatar has less importance
- Medium (40 × 40 px): use as the default size
- Large (60 × 60 px): use when an avatar is a focal point, such as on a single customer card

---

## Content guidelines

Any time you use an image to communicate a concept on Shopify, it’s important to use descriptive [alt text](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/alternative-text). Doing this is important for [accessibility](https://polaris.shopify.com/foundations/accessibility) because it allows screen readers to describe what’s in the image to people who may not be able to see it.

For avatars, we recommend using a format that describes what will show in the image:

- `alt="Person’s name"` if the avatar represents a person
- `alt="Business’s name"` if the avatar represents a business
- `alt=""` if the name of the person/business appears next to the avatar as text

---

## Related components

- To show a thumbnail for an object rather than a person or business, [use the thumbnail component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/thumbnail)

---

## Accessibility

### Structure

The avatar component uses a generated scalable vector graphics (SVG) file, which can cause challenges for merchants that use assistive technologies. To create a standard experience, the `<img>` is hidden from assistive technologies by using an empty `alt` attribute, and replaced with a `<span>` that has `role=”img”`.

### Labeling

The avatar component represents content, and should have a text equivalent for merchants using assistive technologies. By default, the value of the `name` prop is used for the alternative text. If different text would be more accurate, use the `accessibilityLabel` prop to replace the value provided by `name`.
