polaris.shopify.com/content/components/actions/button.mdx, before:

---
title: Button
shortDescription: Used primarily for actions like 'Add', 'Close', 'Cancel', or 'Save'. Plain buttons are used for less important actions.
category: Actions
keywords:
  - CTA
  - call to action
  - call-to-action
  - primary
  - action
  - basic button
  - outline
  - plain
  - destructive
  - slim
  - large
  - full-width
  - disabled state
  - disabled
  - button
  - link
  - click
  - submit
examples:
  - fileName: button-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Used most in the interface. Only use another style if a button requires more or less visual weight.
  - fileName: button-plain.tsx
    title: Plain
    description: Use for less important or less commonly used actions since they’re less prominent. For example, plain buttons are used as actions in cards.
  - fileName: button-tertiary.tsx
    title: Tertiary
    description: Use for tertiary actions. Can be paired with any other button style to create visual variation.
  - fileName: button-plain-critical.tsx
    title: Plain critical
    description: Use for actions that will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from. Since they’re less prominent, use for less important or less commonly used critical actions. For example, plain buttons are used as actions in cards.
  - fileName: button-primary.tsx
    title: Primary
    description: Use to highlight the most important actions in any experience. Don’t use more than one primary button in a section or screen to avoid overwhelming merchants.
  - fileName: button-primary-critical.tsx
    title: Primary critical
    description: Use when the action will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from. Critical buttons should trigger a confirmation dialog before the action is completed. Be thoughtful about using critical buttons because they can feel stressful for merchants.
  - fileName: button-large.tsx
    title: Large
    description: Use for the main call to action in empty states or for calls to action shown with large illustrations.
  - fileName: button-full-width.tsx
    title: Full-width
    description: Use for buttons placed in a narrow column (especially when stacking multiple buttons) or for creating a set of buttons of equal width. Full-width buttons should rarely exceed 320 px wide.
  - fileName: button-text-aligned.tsx
    title: Text-aligned
    description: Use for plain or monochrome buttons that could have a long length and should be aligned when they potentially overflow onto the next line.
  - fileName: button-pressed.tsx
    title: Pressed
    description: Buttons are sometimes used as a toggle for other parts of the user interface.
  - fileName: button-plain-disclosure.tsx
    title: Plain disclosure
    description: Use to indicate that more content can be disclosed on click, like text in a collapsible.
  - fileName: button-right-aligned-disclosure.tsx
    title: Right-aligned disclosure
    description: When working with `fullWidth + textAlign="left"`, the `disclosure` will align itself to the far right.
  - fileName: button-select-disclosure.tsx
    title: Select disclosure
    description: Use to indicate that multiple options are available from this control, similar to a `<select />` HTML element.
  - fileName: button-split.tsx
    title: Split
    description: Use when there is only one primary action but other related actions can be taken.
  - fileName: button-disabled-state.tsx
    title: Disabled state
    description: Use for actions that aren’t currently available. The surrounding interface should make it clear why the button is disabled and what needs to be done to enable it.
  - fileName: button-loading-state.tsx
    title: Loading state
    description: Use when a button has been pressed and the associated action is in progress.
previewImg: /images/components/actions/button.png
---

# {frontmatter.title}

<Lede>

Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as “view shipping settings”.

</Lede>

<Examples />

<Props componentName={frontmatter.title} />

## Best practices

Buttons should:

- Be clearly and accurately labeled.
- Lead with a strong, actionable verb.
- Use established button colors appropriately. For example, only use a red button for an action that’s difficult or impossible to undo.
- Prioritize the most important actions. Too many calls to action can cause confusion and make merchants unsure of what to do next.
- Be positioned in consistent locations in the interface.

### Buttons versus links

Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as “view shipping settings”.

Links are used primarily for navigation, and usually appear within or directly following a sentence.

The HTML that renders for the `Button` and `Link` components carries meaning. Using these components intentionally and consistently results in:

- a more inclusive experience for assistive technology users
- a more cohesive visual experience for sighted users
- products that are easier to maintain at scale

---

## Content guidelines

Buttons should follow the content guidelines for [buttons](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/actionable-language#buttons).

---

## Related components

- To combine or lay out multiple buttons, [use the button group component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button-group)
- For navigational actions that appear within or directly following a sentence, use the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link)

---

## Accessibility

Buttons can have different states that are visually and programmatically conveyed to merchants.

- Use the `ariaControls` prop to add an `aria-controls` attribute to the button. Use the attribute to point to the unique `id` of the content that the button manages.
- If a button expands or collapses adjacent content, then use the `ariaExpanded` prop to add the `aria-expanded` attribute to the button. Set the value to convey the current expanded (`true`) or collapsed (`false`) state of the content.
- Use the `disabled` prop to set the `disabled` state of the button. This prevents merchants from being able to interact with the button, and conveys its inactive state to assistive technologies.
- Use the `pressed` prop to add an `aria-pressed` attribute to the button.

#### Navigation

Merchants generally expect buttons to submit data or take action, and for links to navigate. If navigation is required for the button component, use the `url` prop. The control will output an anchor styled as a button, instead of a button in HTML, to help convey this difference.

For more information on making accessible links, see the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link).

### Labeling

The `accessibilityLabel` prop adds an `aria-label` attribute to the button, which can be accessed by assistive technologies like screen readers. Typically, this label text replaces the visible text on the button for merchants who use assistive technology.

Use `accessibilityLabel` for a button if:

- The button’s visible text doesn’t adequately convey the purpose of the button to non-visual merchants
- The button has no text and relies on an icon alone to convey its purpose

To help support merchants who use speech activation software as well as sighted screen reader users, make sure that the `aria-label` text includes any button text that’s visible. Mismatches between visible and programmatic labeling can cause confusion, and might prevent voice recognition commands from working.

When possible, give the button visible text that clearly conveys its purpose without the use of `accessibilityLabel`. When no additional content is needed, duplicating the button text with `accessibilityLabel` isn’t necessary.

<DoDont>

#### Do

```jsx
<Button>Edit shipping address</Button>
```

```jsx
<Heading>Shipping address</Heading>
<Button accessibilityLabel="Edit shipping address">Edit</Button>
```

#### Don’t

```jsx
<Button accessibilityLabel="Change your shipping address">Edit</Button>
```

```jsx
<Button accessibilityLabel="Edit">Edit</Button>
```

</DoDont>

#### External links

When you use the button component to create a link to an external resource:

- Use the `external` prop to make the link open in a new tab (or window, depending on the merchant’s browser settings)
- Use the `icon` prop to add the `external` icon to the button
- Use the `accessibilityLabel` prop to include the warning about opening a new tab in the button text for non-visual screen reader users

For more information on making accessible links, see the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link).

<DoDont>

#### Do

```jsx
<Button
  accessibilityLabel="Terms and conditions (opens a new window)"
  icon={ExternalIcon}
  url="http://example.com"
  external
>
  Terms and conditions
</Button>
```

#### Don’t

```jsx
<Button url="http://example.com" external>Terms and conditions</Button>
<Button url="http://example.com" external>
  Terms and conditions
</Button>
```

</DoDont>

### Keyboard support

Buttons use browser defaults for keyboard interactions.

- Give buttons keyboard focus with the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards)
- Activate buttons with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key or the <kbd>space</kbd> key

#### Custom key events

Use the `onKeyDown`, `onKeyPress`, and `onKeyUp` props to create custom events for buttons. With these props, you can use buttons to create complex, custom interactions like drag-and-drop interfaces.

Since these props introduce non-standard features to buttons, make sure to include accessible instructions so that merchants can understand how to use these features.

Commit message:

Added icon and icon-only examples to Button docs

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/actions/button.mdx, after:

---
title: Button
shortDescription: Used primarily for actions like 'Add', 'Close', 'Cancel', or 'Save'. Plain buttons are used for less important actions.
category: Actions
keywords:
  - CTA
  - call to action
  - call-to-action
  - primary
  - action
  - basic button
  - outline
  - plain
  - destructive
  - slim
  - large
  - full-width
  - disabled state
  - disabled
  - button
  - link
  - click
  - submit
examples:
  - fileName: button-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Used most in the interface. Only use another style if a button requires more or less visual weight.
  - fileName: button-plain.tsx
    title: Plain
    description: Use for less important or less commonly used actions since they’re less prominent. For example, plain buttons are used as actions in cards.
  - fileName: button-tertiary.tsx
    title: Tertiary
    description: Use for tertiary actions. Can be paired with any other button style to create visual variation.
  - fileName: button-plain-critical.tsx
    title: Plain critical
    description: Use for actions that will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from. Since they’re less prominent, use for less important or less commonly used critical actions. For example, plain buttons are used as actions in cards.
  - fileName: button-primary.tsx
    title: Primary
    description: Use to highlight the most important actions in any experience. Don’t use more than one primary button in a section or screen to avoid overwhelming merchants.
  - fileName: button-primary-critical.tsx
    title: Primary critical
    description: Use when the action will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from. Critical buttons should trigger a confirmation dialog before the action is completed. Be thoughtful about using critical buttons because they can feel stressful for merchants.
  - fileName: button-large.tsx
    title: Large
    description: Use for the main call to action in empty states or for calls to action shown with large illustrations.
  - fileName: button-full-width.tsx
    title: Full-width
    description: Use for buttons placed in a narrow column (especially when stacking multiple buttons) or for creating a set of buttons of equal width. Full-width buttons should rarely exceed 320 px wide.
  - fileName: button-text-aligned.tsx
    title: Text-aligned
    description: Use for plain or monochrome buttons that could have a long length and should be aligned when they potentially overflow onto the next line.
  - fileName: button-pressed.tsx
    title: Pressed
    description: Buttons are sometimes used as a toggle for other parts of the user interface.
  - fileName: button-plain-disclosure.tsx
    title: Plain disclosure
    description: Use to indicate that more content can be disclosed on click, like text in a collapsible.
  - fileName: button-right-aligned-disclosure.tsx
    title: Right-aligned disclosure
    description: When working with `fullWidth + textAlign="left"`, the `disclosure` will align itself to the far right.
  - fileName: button-select-disclosure.tsx
    title: Select disclosure
    description: Use to indicate that multiple options are available from this control, similar to a `<select />` HTML element.
  - fileName: button-split.tsx
    title: Split
    description: Use when there is only one primary action but other related actions can be taken.
  - fileName: button-disabled-state.tsx
    title: Disabled state
    description: Use for actions that aren’t currently available. The surrounding interface should make it clear why the button is disabled and what needs to be done to enable it.
  - fileName: button-loading-state.tsx
    title: Loading state
    description: Use when a button has been pressed and the associated action is in progress.
  - fileName: button-with-icon.tsx
    title: With icon
    description: Iclude an icon with any button variant and tone
  - fileName: button-icon-only.tsx
    title: Icon only
    description: Use with an accessibility label to have an icon-only button.
previewImg: /images/components/actions/button.png
---

# {frontmatter.title}

<Lede>

Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as “view shipping settings”.

</Lede>

<Examples />

<Props componentName={frontmatter.title} />

## Best practices

Buttons should:

- Be clearly and accurately labeled.
- Lead with a strong, actionable verb.
- Use established button colors appropriately. For example, only use a red button for an action that’s difficult or impossible to undo.
- Prioritize the most important actions. Too many calls to action can cause confusion and make merchants unsure of what to do next.
- Be positioned in consistent locations in the interface.

### Buttons versus links

Buttons are used primarily for actions, such as “Add”, “Close”, “Cancel”, or “Save”. Plain buttons, which look similar to links, are used for less important or less commonly used actions, such as “view shipping settings”.

Links are used primarily for navigation, and usually appear within or directly following a sentence.

The HTML that renders for the `Button` and `Link` components carries meaning. Using these components intentionally and consistently results in:

- a more inclusive experience for assistive technology users
- a more cohesive visual experience for sighted users
- products that are easier to maintain at scale

---

## Content guidelines

Buttons should follow the content guidelines for [buttons](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/actionable-language#buttons).

---

## Related components

- To combine or lay out multiple buttons, [use the button group component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/actions/button-group)
- For navigational actions that appear within or directly following a sentence, use the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link)

---

## Accessibility

Buttons can have different states that are visually and programmatically conveyed to merchants.

- Use the `ariaControls` prop to add an `aria-controls` attribute to the button. Use the attribute to point to the unique `id` of the content that the button manages.
- If a button expands or collapses adjacent content, then use the `ariaExpanded` prop to add the `aria-expanded` attribute to the button. Set the value to convey the current expanded (`true`) or collapsed (`false`) state of the content.
- Use the `disabled` prop to set the `disabled` state of the button. This prevents merchants from being able to interact with the button, and conveys its inactive state to assistive technologies.
- Use the `pressed` prop to add an `aria-pressed` attribute to the button.

#### Navigation

Merchants generally expect buttons to submit data or take action, and for links to navigate. If navigation is required for the button component, use the `url` prop. The control will output an anchor styled as a button, instead of a button in HTML, to help convey this difference.

For more information on making accessible links, see the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link).

### Labeling

The `accessibilityLabel` prop adds an `aria-label` attribute to the button, which can be accessed by assistive technologies like screen readers. Typically, this label text replaces the visible text on the button for merchants who use assistive technology.

Use `accessibilityLabel` for a button if:

- The button’s visible text doesn’t adequately convey the purpose of the button to non-visual merchants
- The button has no text and relies on an icon alone to convey its purpose

To help support merchants who use speech activation software as well as sighted screen reader users, make sure that the `aria-label` text includes any button text that’s visible. Mismatches between visible and programmatic labeling can cause confusion, and might prevent voice recognition commands from working.

When possible, give the button visible text that clearly conveys its purpose without the use of `accessibilityLabel`. When no additional content is needed, duplicating the button text with `accessibilityLabel` isn’t necessary.

<DoDont>

#### Do

```jsx
<Button>Edit shipping address</Button>
```

```jsx
<Heading>Shipping address</Heading>
<Button accessibilityLabel="Edit shipping address">Edit</Button>
```

#### Don’t

```jsx
<Button accessibilityLabel="Change your shipping address">Edit</Button>
```

```jsx
<Button accessibilityLabel="Edit">Edit</Button>
```

</DoDont>

#### External links

When you use the button component to create a link to an external resource:

- Use the `external` prop to make the link open in a new tab (or window, depending on the merchant’s browser settings)
- Use the `icon` prop to add the `external` icon to the button
- Use the `accessibilityLabel` prop to include the warning about opening a new tab in the button text for non-visual screen reader users

For more information on making accessible links, see the [link component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/link).

<DoDont>

#### Do

```jsx
<Button
  accessibilityLabel="Terms and conditions (opens a new window)"
  icon={ExternalIcon}
  url="http://example.com"
  external
>
  Terms and conditions
</Button>
```

#### Don’t

```jsx
<Button url="http://example.com" external>Terms and conditions</Button>
<Button url="http://example.com" external>
  Terms and conditions
</Button>
```

</DoDont>

### Keyboard support

Buttons use browser defaults for keyboard interactions.

- Give buttons keyboard focus with the <kbd>tab</kbd> key (or <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>tab</kbd> when tabbing backwards)
- Activate buttons with the <kbd>enter</kbd>/<kbd>return</kbd> key or the <kbd>space</kbd> key

#### Custom key events

Use the `onKeyDown`, `onKeyPress`, and `onKeyUp` props to create custom events for buttons. With these props, you can use buttons to create complex, custom interactions like drag-and-drop interfaces.

Since these props introduce non-standard features to buttons, make sure to include accessible instructions so that merchants can understand how to use these features.
