polaris.shopify.com/content/contributing/index.md, before:

---
name: Contributing to Polaris
keywords:
  - how to contribute to polaris
  - contribution
---

# Contributing to Polaris

Polaris thrives on contribution and community support. Anyone, regardless of discipline, is encouraged to contribute. No contribution is too small. We welcome everything from bug fixes or new components, to new UX guidelines. So if you find something to contribute, we hope you feel empowered to go for it. The Polaris team is here to help you along the way.

## Who can contribute

Contribution to Polaris looks different depending on whether you work at Shopify. Shopify employees can contribute to any Polaris project, including the Figma UI Kit. Open source contributions are welcome for [Polaris React components](contributing/components) and their [documentation](/contributing/documentation).

## When to contribute

Figuring out what and when to contribute is not always simple, but it doesn't have to be! Here are some common scenarios for deciding when to contribute:

| Use the System                                                               | Extend the system                                                                       | Build a custom solution                                                                         |     |     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | --- |
| _When available resources can solve a design problem_                        | _When a change or addition can solve a shared problem_                                  | _When a unique problem requires a unique solution_                                              |     |     |
| Read [ Designing with a system ](/contributing/designing-with-a-system)      | Read [ When to contribute new patterns ](/contributing/when-to-contribute-new-patterns) | Share ideas in [ #admin-ux ](https://shopify.slack.com/archives/C039ZAKQ5AA)(Shopify employees) |     |     |
| [ Review App Design Guidelines ](https://shopify.dev/apps/design-guidelines) | [ Create GitHub issue ](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/issues/new/choose)           | Build with Polaris [ tokens ](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/colors)                        |     |     |

## Where to get help

If you get stuck or want help strategizing a larger contribution, bring it up in [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/new). The Polaris team and other members of the systems community will help you out. If you see a discussion where you could guide another member of the community, we welcome you to join the conversation.

Commit message:

Add contribution principles to Contributing index

polaris.shopify.com/content/contributing/index.md, after:

---
name: Contributing to Polaris
keywords:
  - how to contribute to polaris
  - contribution
---

# Contributing to Polaris

Polaris thrives on contribution and community support. Anyone, regardless of discipline, is encouraged to contribute. No contribution is too small. We welcome everything from bug fixes or new components, to new UX guidelines. So if you find something to contribute, we hope you feel empowered to go for it. The Polaris team is here to help you along the way.

## Who can contribute

Contribution to Polaris looks different depending on whether you work at Shopify. Shopify employees can contribute to any Polaris project, including the Figma UI Kit. Open source contributions are welcome for [Polaris React components](contributing/components) and their [documentation](/contributing/documentation).

## When to contribute

Figuring out what and when to contribute is not always simple, but it doesn't have to be! Here are some common scenarios for deciding when to contribute:

| Use the System                                                             | Extend the system                                                                       | Build a custom solution                                                                         |     |     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- | --- |
| _When available resources can solve a design problem_                      | _When a change or addition can solve a shared problem_                                  | _When a unique problem requires a unique solution_                                              |     |     |
| Read [Designing with a system](/contributing/designing-with-a-system)      | Read [ When to contribute new patterns ](/contributing/when-to-contribute-new-patterns) | Share ideas in [ #admin-ux ](https://shopify.slack.com/archives/C039ZAKQ5AA)(Shopify employees) |     |     |
| [Review App Design Guidelines](https://shopify.dev/apps/design-guidelines) | [ Create GitHub issue ](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/issues/new/choose)           | Build with Polaris [ tokens ](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/colors)                        |     |     |

## What makes a good contribution

By sticking to a few principles, we can ensure that all contributions made to Polaris are of high quality, meaningful work for Shopify teams and contributors, and valuable to merchants.

| Pre-Contribution:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | When contributing:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Keep the merchant in mind** <br> We review all contributions through the lens of the merchant experience. If the value to merchants isn’t clear, rewrite or reconsider this contribution.                                                           | **Contributions provide solutions** <br> We define contributions as both a problem and a solution. If you found a bug, have a question, or want to open a discussion, use GitHub to report any bugs or specific feedback.                         |
| **Collaborate with other disciplines** <br> A good contribution addresses the needs and perspectives of design, content,and code. Involve a diverse group of disciplines when drafting.                                                               | **Work in the open** <br>Public discussion is crucial to maintaining visibility and making sure your contribution is valuable to other teams. Post contributions using GitHub. Shopify employees can request help via the #polaris Slack channel. |
| **Include contribution in your project cycle** <br> The earlier you involve Polaris, the more likely we can include your contribution when you ship. Then, consider including contribution in your project retrospective. Read “Working with Polaris” | **Follow applicable best practices** <br> When reviewing your contribution, check that you consider accessibility, performance, internationalization, and other best practices, as relevant. You can find these within each component type.       |
| **Consider the impact on the system** <br>Contributions to Polaris should apply globally to multiple admin experiences, not be unique one-off solutions. Read the guide Designing with systems                                                        | **Be clear and detailed in your proposal** <br>Submit a “TL;DR” of your contribution, along with any relevant links, artifacts, or context.                                                                                                       |

## Where to get help

If you get stuck or want help strategizing a larger contribution, bring it up in [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/new). The Polaris team and other members of the systems community will help you out. If you see a discussion where you could guide another member of the community, we welcome you to join the conversation.
