polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/bleed.md, before:

---
title: Bleed
description: Applies negative margin to allow content to bleed out into the surrounding layout.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: bleed-horizontal.tsx
    title: Horizontal
    description: >-
      Content will bleed horizontally into the surrounding layout using the `marginInline` prop.
  - fileName: bleed-vertical.tsx
    title: Vertical
    description: >-
      Content will bleed vertically into the surrounding layout using the `marginBlock` prop.
  - fileName: bleed-specific-direction.tsx
    title: Specific direction
    description: >-
      Negative margins can be added in a specific direction using the [Spacing tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/spacing).
---

## Bleed values

Content should never go beyond the edges of the parent container. Choose a bleed value that works within the containing layout.

Commit message:

[Layout foundations] Mark layout components beta (#8631)
### WHY are these changes introduced?

Resolves #8630.

Marks layout components as beta.

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

Marks `Box`, `Bleed`, `Card`, `Columns`, `Divider`, `Inline`, `Stack` as
beta.
    <details>
      <summary>Beta components</summary>
<img
src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26749317/224385296-b2c4f75f-9f0f-45cb-a895-97e0ffa9de83.png"
alt="Beta components">
    </details>

### How to 🎩

🖥 [Local development
instructions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/README.md#local-development)
🗒 [General tophatting
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md)
📄 [Changelog
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#changelog)

### 🎩 checklist

- [ ] Tested on
[mobile](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md#cross-browser-testing)
- [x] Tested on [multiple
browsers](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/shopify-admin/supported-browsers)
- [ ] Tested for
[accessibility](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Accessibility%20testing.md)
- [ ] Updated the component's `README.md` with documentation changes
- [x] [Tophatted
documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting%20documentation.md)
changes in the style guide

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/bleed.md, after:

---
title: Bleed
description: Applies negative margin to allow content to bleed out into the surrounding layout.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
status:
  value: Beta
  message: This component is ready for wider adoption, usage is encouraged for most cases. Breaking changes are possible in minor version updates. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: bleed-horizontal.tsx
    title: Horizontal
    description: >-
      Content will bleed horizontally into the surrounding layout using the `marginInline` prop.
  - fileName: bleed-vertical.tsx
    title: Vertical
    description: >-
      Content will bleed vertically into the surrounding layout using the `marginBlock` prop.
  - fileName: bleed-specific-direction.tsx
    title: Specific direction
    description: >-
      Negative margins can be added in a specific direction using the [Spacing tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/spacing).
---

## Bleed values

Content should never go beyond the edges of the parent container. Choose a bleed value that works within the containing layout.
