polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/box.md, before:

---
title: Box
description: Box is the most primitive layout component. It’s a way to access Polaris design tokens.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: box-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: >-
      By default, box has no padding, borders, border radius, background, or shadows.
  - fileName: box-with-color.tsx
    title: Color
    description: >-
      Background color of box and text color inside a box can be adjusted using the [Color tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/colors).
  - fileName: box-with-border.tsx
    title: Border
    description: >-
      Border width can be adjusted using the [Shape tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/shape), and a subset of tokens allows different types of border.
  - fileName: box-with-border-radius.tsx
    title: Border radius
    description: >-
      Border radius can be adjusted using the [Shape tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/shape).
  - fileName: box-with-padding.tsx
    title: Padding
    description: >-
      Padding can be added to either all sides, left, right, top, and bottom, using the [Spacing tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/spacing).
  - fileName: box-with-shadow.tsx
    title: Shadow
    description: >-
      Shadow can be applied using the Shadow token. The base is [--p-shadow-base](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/depth).
---

## Related components

- For more specific use cases, [use the Card component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/alpha-card)

Commit message:

[Layout foundations] Update layout component docs and guidance (#8379)
### WHY are these changes introduced?

Resolves #8315.

Updates layout component documentation and guidance in preparation for
marking them beta in v11.

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

Updates `AlphaCard`, `AlphaStack`, `Inline`, `Bleed`, `Columns`, and
`Box` documentation.

### How to 🎩

🖥 [Local development
instructions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/README.md#local-development)
🗒 [General tophatting
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md)
📄 [Changelog
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#changelog)

### 🎩 checklist

- [ ] Tested on
[mobile](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md#cross-browser-testing)
- [x] Tested on [multiple
browsers](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/shopify-admin/supported-browsers)
- [ ] Tested for
[accessibility](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Accessibility%20testing.md)
- [ ] Updated the component's `README.md` with documentation changes
- [x] [Tophatted
documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting%20documentation.md)
changes in the style guide

---------

Co-authored-by: aveline <aveline@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Chaz Dean <59836805+chazdean@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Lo Kim <lo.kim@shopify.com>

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/box.md, after:

---
title: Box
description: Box is the most primitive layout component. It’s a way to access Polaris design tokens.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
  - box
  - responsive
  - tokens
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: box-with-color.tsx
    title: Color
    description: >-
      Background color of box and text color inside a box can be adjusted using the [Color tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/colors).
  - fileName: box-with-border.tsx
    title: Border width
    description: >-
      Border width can be adjusted using the [Shape tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/shape), and a subset of tokens allows different types of border.
  - fileName: box-with-border-radius.tsx
    title: Border radius
    description: >-
      Border radius can be adjusted using the [Shape tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/shape).
  - fileName: box-with-padding.tsx
    title: Padding
    description: >-
      Padding can be added to either all sides, left, right, top, and bottom, using the [Spacing tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/spacing). The `padding` prop supports responsive spacing with the [Breakpoints tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/breakpoints).
  - fileName: box-with-shadow.tsx
    title: Shadow
    description: >-
      Shadow can be applied using the [Depth tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/depth).
---

## Related components

- For more specific use cases, [use the Card component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/alpha-card)
