polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/index.md, before:

---
title: Layout and structure
description: >-
  Layout is the arrangement of elements on a page. A good layout helps merchants understand and find information to complete their goals. Learn how to use Polaris layout primitives to build a wide range of layouts.
expanded: true
order: 2
groups:
  - title: Layout primitives
    description: >-
      Layout primitives allow you to specify values for different screen sizes. Check out the layout primitives for information on how responsive props apply to each component.
    components: Box, Alpha stack, Inline, Columns, Bleed
    tip: Layout primitives allow you to specify values for different screen sizes. Check out the layout primitives for information on how responsive props apply to each component.

  - title: Layout compositions
    description: >-
      Layout compositions are built with layout primitives. Use these components to build common layouts in the admin with the help of sensible defaults.
    components: Alpha card, Callout card, Media card, Empty state, Page
---

Commit message:

Add images and related Resources

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/index.md, after:

---
title: Layout and structure
description: >-
  Layout is the arrangement of elements on a page. A good layout helps merchants understand and find information to complete their goals. Learn how to use Polaris layout primitives to build a wide range of layouts.
expanded: true
order: 2
groups:
  - title: Layout primitives
    description: >-
      Layout primitives allow you to specify values for different screen sizes. Check out the layout primitives for information on how responsive props apply to each component.
    components: Box, Alpha stack, Inline, Columns, Bleed
    tip: Layout primitives allow you to specify values for different screen sizes. Check out the layout primitives for information on how responsive props apply to each component.

  - title: Layout compositions
    description: >-
      Layout compositions are built with layout primitives. Use these components to build common layouts in the admin with the help of sensible defaults.
    components: Alpha card, Callout card, Media card, Empty state, Page
relatedResources:
  - Check out the Polaris [Space](https://polaris.shopify.com/design/space) guidelines to understand how to apply the Polaris spacing scale.
---
