polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/inline.md, before:

---
title: Inline
description: Use to arrange items in a horizontal row with equal spacing around them. Items wrap onto multiple lines when needed.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: inline-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: >-
      Items are vertically centered with 16px of space around them. They’ll wrap onto multiple lines when needed.
  - fileName: inline-with-non-wrapping.tsx
    title: Non-wrapping
    description: >-
      Use to create Inline where the children will not wrap to new rows on small screens.
  - fileName: inline-with-gap.tsx
    title: Gap
    description: >-
      Use to control gaps around items in inline in standard increments.
  - fileName: inline-with-vertical-alignment.tsx
    title: Vertical alignment
    description: >-
      Use to vertically align Inline.
  - fileName: inline-with-horizontal-alignment.tsx
    title: Horizontal alignment
    description: >-
      Use to horizontally align Inline.
---

## Related components

- To display elements vertically, [use the AlphaStack component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/alpha-stack)

Commit message:

[Layout foundations] Update layout component docs and guidance (#8379)
### WHY are these changes introduced?

Resolves #8315.

Updates layout component documentation and guidance in preparation for
marking them beta in v11.

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

Updates `AlphaCard`, `AlphaStack`, `Inline`, `Bleed`, `Columns`, and
`Box` documentation.

### How to 🎩

🖥 [Local development
instructions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/README.md#local-development)
🗒 [General tophatting
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md)
📄 [Changelog
guidelines](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#changelog)

### 🎩 checklist

- [ ] Tested on
[mobile](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting.md#cross-browser-testing)
- [x] Tested on [multiple
browsers](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/shopify-admin/supported-browsers)
- [ ] Tested for
[accessibility](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Accessibility%20testing.md)
- [ ] Updated the component's `README.md` with documentation changes
- [x] [Tophatted
documentation](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Tophatting%20documentation.md)
changes in the style guide

---------

Co-authored-by: aveline <aveline@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Chaz Dean <59836805+chazdean@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Lo Kim <lo.kim@shopify.com>

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/inline.md, after:

---
title: Inline
description: Use to display children horizontally in a row. Based on CSS Flexbox.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
  - inline
  - flexbox
  - flex
  - responsive
  - flexible items
  - row of components
  - rows
  - vertical centering
  - horizontal row of components
  - stack
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: inline-with-non-wrapping.tsx
    title: Non-wrapping
    description: >-
      The default wrapping behavior of children can be overridden using the `wrap` prop.
  - fileName: inline-with-gap.tsx
    title: Gap
    description: >-
      Control the horizontal and vertical space between children using the `gap` prop. The `gap` prop supports responsive spacing with the [Breakpoints tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/breakpoints).
  - fileName: inline-with-block-align.tsx
    title: Block align
    description: >-
      Control the vertical alignment of children using the `blockAlign` prop.
  - fileName: inline-with-align.tsx
    title: Align
    description: >-
      Control the horizontal alignment of children using the `align` prop.
---

## Related components

- To create the large-scale structure of pages, [use the Columns component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout-and-structure/columns)
- To display elements vertically, [use the AlphaStack component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/alphastack)
