polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/legacy-card.md, before:

---
title: Legacy card
description: This is the legacy version of the Card component which is in the process of being updated to a more flexible and composable API. Cards are used to group similar concepts and tasks together to make Shopify easier for merchants to scan, read, and get things done.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
  - container
  - box
  - grid
  - panel
  - card with call to action in the footer
  - card with call to action in the heading
  - card with call to action in a section
  - card with button in the footer
  - card with button in the heading
  - card with multiple sections
  - card with subsections
  - sectioned card
  - card with a subdued section
  - subdued card for secondary content
  - callout
  - call out
  - legacy card
examples:
  - fileName: legacy-card-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use when you have a simple message to communicate to merchants that doesn’t require any secondary steps.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-header-actions.tsx
    title: With header actions
    description: Use for less important card actions, or actions merchants may do before reviewing the contents of the card. For example, merchants may want to add items to a card containing a long list, or enter a customer’s new address.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-footer-actions.tsx
    title: With footer actions
    description: Use footer actions for a card’s most important actions, or actions merchants should do after reviewing the contents of the card. For example, merchants should review the contents of a shipment before an important action like adding tracking information. Footer actions can be left or right aligned with the `footerActionAlignment` prop.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-multiple-footer-actions.tsx
    title: With multiple footer actions
    description: When multiple secondary footer actions are provided, they will render in an action list popover activated by a disclosure button. The disclosure button text can be customized with the `secondaryFooterActionsDisclosureText` prop.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-custom-footer-actions.tsx
    title: With custom footer actions
    description: Use to present actionable content that is optional or not the primary purpose of the page.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-destructive-footer-action.tsx
    title: With destructive footer action
    description: Use when a card action will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-multiple-sections.tsx
    title: With multiple sections
    description: Use when you have two related but distinct pieces of information to communicate to merchants. Multiple sections can help break up complicated concepts to make them easier to scan and understand.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-multiple-titled-sections.tsx
    title: With multiple titled sections
    description: Use when you have two related but distinct pieces of information to communicate to merchants that are complex enough to require a title to introduce them.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-sections-and-actions.tsx
    title: With sections and actions
    description: Use when your card section has actions that apply only to that section.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-subsection.tsx
    title: With subsection
    description: Use when your card sections need further categorization.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-destructive-action.tsx
    title: With destructive action
    description: Use when a card action applies only to one section and will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-a-subdued-section.tsx
    title: With a subdued section
    description: Use to indicate when one of the sections in your card contains inactive or disabled content.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-subdued-for-secondary-content.tsx
    title: With subdued for secondary content
    description: Use for content that you want to deprioritize. Subdued cards don’t stand out as much as cards with white backgrounds so don’t use them for information or actions that are critical to merchants.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-separate-header.tsx
    title: With separate header
    description: Use to be able to use custom React elements as header content.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-custom-react-node-title.tsx
    title: With custom React Node title
    description: Use to render custom content such as icons, links, or buttons in a card section’s header.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-all-elements.tsx
    title: With all elements
    description: Use as a broad example that includes most props available to card.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-flushed-sections.tsx
    title: With flushed sections
    description: Use when you need further control over the spacing of your card sections.
---

## Best practices

Cards should:

- Use headings that set clear expectations about the card’s purpose
- Prioritize information so the content merchants most need to know comes first
- Stick to single user flows or break more complicated flows into multiple sections
- Avoid too many call-to-action buttons or links and only one primary call to action per card
- Use calls to action on the bottom of the card for next steps and use the space in the upper right corner of the card for persistent, optional actions (such as an Edit link)

---

## Content guidelines

### Title

Card titles should follow the content guidelines for [headings and subheadings](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/actionable-language#headings-and-subheadings).

### Body content

Body content should be:

- Actionable: start sentences with imperative verbs when telling merchants what actions are available to them (especially something new). Don’t use permissive language like “you can”.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Get performance for all your sales channels.

#### Don’t

Now you can get performance data for all your sales channels.

<!-- end -->

- Structured for merchant success: always put the most critical information first.
- Clear: use the verb “need” to help merchants understand when they’re required to do something.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

To buy a shipping label, you need to enter the total weight of your shipment, including packaging.

#### Don’t

To buy a shipping label, you must enter the total weight of your shipment, including packaging.

<!-- end -->

### Call-to-action button

Buttons should be:

- Clear and predictable: merchants should be able to anticipate what will happen when they click a button. Never deceive merchants by mislabeling a button.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Create order
- Buy shipping label

#### Don’t

- New order
- Buy

<!-- end -->

Action-led: buttons should always lead with a strong verb that encourages action. To provide enough context to merchants use the {verb}+{noun} format on buttons except in the case of common actions like Save, Close, Cancel, or OK.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Activate Apple Pay
- View shipping settings

#### Don’t

- Try Apple Pay
- View your settings

<!-- end -->

Scannable: Avoid unnecessary words and articles such as the, an, or a.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Add menu item

#### Don’t

Add a menu item

<!-- end -->

### Section titles

Section titles should be:

- Informative: they should label the type of content grouped in the body content below
- Like headings: follow the same content guidelines as when you’re writing headings

### Action links

Links should be:

- Used for secondary or persistent actions: links should be used to represent lower priority actions than buttons, or persistent actions that merchants may take at any time (such as a persistent Edit link).
- Clearly labeled: merchants should not need to guess where they’ll end up if they click on an action link. Never use “click here” as a link because it doesn’t set expectations about what’s next.
- Similar to buttons: Follow the same content guidelines as when you’re writing text for buttons.

---

## Related components

- To create page-level layout, [use the layout component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout)
- To highlight a Shopify feature, [use the callout card component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/callout-card)

---

## Accessibility

The required `title` prop gives the card a level 2 heading (`<h2>`). This helps with readability and provides structure to screen reader users.

If you use the `subdued` prop on a card or section, make sure that the card or section `title` conveys the reason for using `subdued`. This ensures that merchants with low vision, including those who use screen readers, can identify that the content is inactive or less important.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

```
<LegacyCard title="Deactivated staff accounts" sectioned subdued>
  <List>
    <List.Item>Felix Crafford</List.Item>
    <List.Item>Ezequiel Manno</List.Item>
  </List>
</LegacyCard>
```

#### Don’t

```
<LegacyCard title="Staff accounts" sectioned subdued>
  <List>
    <List.Item>Felix Crafford</List.Item>
    <List.Item>Ezequiel Manno</List.Item>
  </List>
</LegacyCard>
```

<!-- end -->

Commit message:

Add legacy status and message banner to LegacyStack and LegacyCard

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/legacy-card.md, after:

---
title: Legacy card
description: This is the legacy version of the Card component which is in the process of being updated to a more flexible and composable API. Cards are used to group similar concepts and tasks together to make Shopify easier for merchants to scan, read, and get things done.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
  - container
  - box
  - grid
  - panel
  - card with call to action in the footer
  - card with call to action in the heading
  - card with call to action in a section
  - card with button in the footer
  - card with button in the heading
  - card with multiple sections
  - card with subsections
  - sectioned card
  - card with a subdued section
  - subdued card for secondary content
  - callout
  - call out
  - legacy card
status:
  value: Legacy
  message: This is a legacy component and will be deprecated. The new [AlphaCard component](/components/layout-and-structure/alpha-card) can be used in combination with the new layout primitives to achieve similar results to LegacyCard. Learn more about our [Component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: legacy-card-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: Use when you have a simple message to communicate to merchants that doesn’t require any secondary steps.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-header-actions.tsx
    title: With header actions
    description: Use for less important card actions, or actions merchants may do before reviewing the contents of the card. For example, merchants may want to add items to a card containing a long list, or enter a customer’s new address.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-footer-actions.tsx
    title: With footer actions
    description: Use footer actions for a card’s most important actions, or actions merchants should do after reviewing the contents of the card. For example, merchants should review the contents of a shipment before an important action like adding tracking information. Footer actions can be left or right aligned with the `footerActionAlignment` prop.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-multiple-footer-actions.tsx
    title: With multiple footer actions
    description: When multiple secondary footer actions are provided, they will render in an action list popover activated by a disclosure button. The disclosure button text can be customized with the `secondaryFooterActionsDisclosureText` prop.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-custom-footer-actions.tsx
    title: With custom footer actions
    description: Use to present actionable content that is optional or not the primary purpose of the page.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-destructive-footer-action.tsx
    title: With destructive footer action
    description: Use when a card action will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-multiple-sections.tsx
    title: With multiple sections
    description: Use when you have two related but distinct pieces of information to communicate to merchants. Multiple sections can help break up complicated concepts to make them easier to scan and understand.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-multiple-titled-sections.tsx
    title: With multiple titled sections
    description: Use when you have two related but distinct pieces of information to communicate to merchants that are complex enough to require a title to introduce them.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-sections-and-actions.tsx
    title: With sections and actions
    description: Use when your card section has actions that apply only to that section.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-subsection.tsx
    title: With subsection
    description: Use when your card sections need further categorization.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-destructive-action.tsx
    title: With destructive action
    description: Use when a card action applies only to one section and will delete merchant data or be otherwise difficult to recover from.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-a-subdued-section.tsx
    title: With a subdued section
    description: Use to indicate when one of the sections in your card contains inactive or disabled content.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-subdued-for-secondary-content.tsx
    title: With subdued for secondary content
    description: Use for content that you want to deprioritize. Subdued cards don’t stand out as much as cards with white backgrounds so don’t use them for information or actions that are critical to merchants.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-separate-header.tsx
    title: With separate header
    description: Use to be able to use custom React elements as header content.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-custom-react-node-title.tsx
    title: With custom React Node title
    description: Use to render custom content such as icons, links, or buttons in a card section’s header.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-all-elements.tsx
    title: With all elements
    description: Use as a broad example that includes most props available to card.
  - fileName: legacy-card-with-flushed-sections.tsx
    title: With flushed sections
    description: Use when you need further control over the spacing of your card sections.
---

## Best practices

Cards should:

- Use headings that set clear expectations about the card’s purpose
- Prioritize information so the content merchants most need to know comes first
- Stick to single user flows or break more complicated flows into multiple sections
- Avoid too many call-to-action buttons or links and only one primary call to action per card
- Use calls to action on the bottom of the card for next steps and use the space in the upper right corner of the card for persistent, optional actions (such as an Edit link)

---

## Content guidelines

### Title

Card titles should follow the content guidelines for [headings and subheadings](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/actionable-language#headings-and-subheadings).

### Body content

Body content should be:

- Actionable: start sentences with imperative verbs when telling merchants what actions are available to them (especially something new). Don’t use permissive language like “you can”.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Get performance for all your sales channels.

#### Don’t

Now you can get performance data for all your sales channels.

<!-- end -->

- Structured for merchant success: always put the most critical information first.
- Clear: use the verb “need” to help merchants understand when they’re required to do something.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

To buy a shipping label, you need to enter the total weight of your shipment, including packaging.

#### Don’t

To buy a shipping label, you must enter the total weight of your shipment, including packaging.

<!-- end -->

### Call-to-action button

Buttons should be:

- Clear and predictable: merchants should be able to anticipate what will happen when they click a button. Never deceive merchants by mislabeling a button.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Create order
- Buy shipping label

#### Don’t

- New order
- Buy

<!-- end -->

Action-led: buttons should always lead with a strong verb that encourages action. To provide enough context to merchants use the {verb}+{noun} format on buttons except in the case of common actions like Save, Close, Cancel, or OK.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

- Activate Apple Pay
- View shipping settings

#### Don’t

- Try Apple Pay
- View your settings

<!-- end -->

Scannable: Avoid unnecessary words and articles such as the, an, or a.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

Add menu item

#### Don’t

Add a menu item

<!-- end -->

### Section titles

Section titles should be:

- Informative: they should label the type of content grouped in the body content below
- Like headings: follow the same content guidelines as when you’re writing headings

### Action links

Links should be:

- Used for secondary or persistent actions: links should be used to represent lower priority actions than buttons, or persistent actions that merchants may take at any time (such as a persistent Edit link).
- Clearly labeled: merchants should not need to guess where they’ll end up if they click on an action link. Never use “click here” as a link because it doesn’t set expectations about what’s next.
- Similar to buttons: Follow the same content guidelines as when you’re writing text for buttons.

---

## Related components

- To create page-level layout, [use the layout component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/layout)
- To highlight a Shopify feature, [use the callout card component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/callout-card)

---

## Accessibility

The required `title` prop gives the card a level 2 heading (`<h2>`). This helps with readability and provides structure to screen reader users.

If you use the `subdued` prop on a card or section, make sure that the card or section `title` conveys the reason for using `subdued`. This ensures that merchants with low vision, including those who use screen readers, can identify that the content is inactive or less important.

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

```
<LegacyCard title="Deactivated staff accounts" sectioned subdued>
  <List>
    <List.Item>Felix Crafford</List.Item>
    <List.Item>Ezequiel Manno</List.Item>
  </List>
</LegacyCard>
```

#### Don’t

```
<LegacyCard title="Staff accounts" sectioned subdued>
  <List>
    <List.Item>Felix Crafford</List.Item>
    <List.Item>Ezequiel Manno</List.Item>
  </List>
</LegacyCard>
```

<!-- end -->
