polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/vertical-stack.md, before:

---
title: Vertical stack
description: Use to display children vertically and horizontally with full width by default. Based on CSS Flexbox.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
  - stack spacing
  - vertical centering
  - fill available space
  - fill space
  - equal width
  - right-aligned stack
  - stack layout
status:
  value: Beta
  message: This component is ready for wider adoption, usage is encouraged for most cases. Breaking changes are possible in minor version updates. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: vertical-stack-with-gap.tsx
    title: Gap
    description: >-
      Control the vertical space between children using the `gap` prop.
  - fileName: vertical-stack-with-align.tsx
    title: Align
    description: >-
      Control the vertical alignment of children using the `align` prop.
  - fileName: vertical-stack-with-inline-align.tsx
    title: Inline align
    description: >-
      Control the horizontal alignment of children using the `inlineAlign` prop.
---

## Best practices

Stacks should:

- Not be used for complex or unique arrangements of components
- Not be used for large-scale page layout

---

## Related components

- To display elements horizontally, [use the HorizontalStack component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/horizontal-stack)

## Related resources

- VerticalStack props are named following the convention of CSS logical properties, such as 'padding-inline-start' and 'padding-block-start'. Learn more about [CSS logicial properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Logical_Properties).

Commit message:

[Layout foundations] Mark components with API changes as alpha

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/layout-and-structure/vertical-stack.md, after:

---
title: Vertical stack
description: Use to display children vertically and horizontally with full width by default. Based on CSS Flexbox.
category: Layout and structure
keywords:
  - layout
  - stack spacing
  - vertical centering
  - fill available space
  - fill space
  - equal width
  - right-aligned stack
  - stack layout
status:
  value: Alpha
  message: This component is a work in progress and ready for exploratory usage, with breaking changes expected in minor version updates. Please use with caution. Learn more about our [component lifecycles](/getting-started/components-lifecycle).
examples:
  - fileName: vertical-stack-with-gap.tsx
    title: Gap
    description: >-
      Control the vertical space between children using the `gap` prop.
  - fileName: vertical-stack-with-align.tsx
    title: Align
    description: >-
      Control the vertical alignment of children using the `align` prop.
  - fileName: vertical-stack-with-inline-align.tsx
    title: Inline align
    description: >-
      Control the horizontal alignment of children using the `inlineAlign` prop.
---

## Best practices

Stacks should:

- Not be used for complex or unique arrangements of components
- Not be used for large-scale page layout

---

## Related components

- To display elements horizontally, [use the HorizontalStack component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/horizontal-stack)

## Related resources

- VerticalStack props are named following the convention of CSS logical properties, such as 'padding-inline-start' and 'padding-block-start'. Learn more about [CSS logicial properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Logical_Properties).
