polaris.shopify.com/content/getting-started/Develop/index.md, before:

---
title: Develop
keywords:
  - development resources
---

## Resources

### Polaris for VSCode
Automatic autocompletion for Polaris tokens, right inside your favorite code editor.
- [Download extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Shopify.polaris-for-vscode)

### Components
Components are reusable building blocks made of interface elements and styles, packaged through code. Piece them together, improve them, and create new ones to solve merchant problems.
- [Browse components](https://polaris.shopify.com/components)
- [Component GitHub Package Repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/tree/main/polaris-react)

### Tokens
Design tokens are coded names that represent design decisions for elements like color, spacing, and typography. Applying them to our designs unifies merchant experiences.
- [Browse tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/colors)
- [Token GitHub Package Repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/tree/main/polaris-tokens)

### Icons
The Polaris icon library has 400+ carefully designed icons focused on commerce and entrepreneurship. Use them as visual aids to help merchants complete tasks.
 - [Browse icons](https://polaris.shopify.com/icons)

### Releases

Polaris uses [Changsets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to handle releasing the npm packages in repository. Our [GitHub action](https://github.com/changesets/action) creates a `version` PR called **"Version Packages"**, then keeps it up to date, recreating it when merged. This PR always has an up-to-date run of `changeset version` and performs a releases when changes are merged to the `main` branch.

- [Perform a release](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Releasing.md)

Commit message:

change order of nested nav items

polaris.shopify.com/content/getting-started/Develop/index.md, after:

---
title: Develop
keywords:
  - development resources
order: 4
---

## Web
The web version of the Shopify admin is available for desktop and mobile web. Polaris web components and relevant packages are built with responsiveness in mind and can be used at any screen size.

## Native
The Shopify admin is also available as iOS and Android apps. Polaris components are available as native user interface (UI) elements built with React Native. The Polaris React Native components are currently only available to Shopify employees building the admin iOS and Android apps.

Because the iOS and Android apps also make use of embedded web views for parts of the admin, Polaris web components are used in these cases.

## Shopify apps
The Shopify admin includes installable apps built by Shopify employees and third-party developers. Third-party developers can use App Bridge and Polaris to build their Shopify admin apps. Shopify admin apps are web-based and are embedded into the admin web, iOS, and Android platforms. To learn more about building Shopify apps check out shopify.dev.


## Resources

### Polaris for VSCode
Automatic autocompletion for Polaris tokens, right inside your favorite code editor.
- [Download extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Shopify.polaris-for-vscode)

### Components
Components are reusable building blocks made of interface elements and styles, packaged through code. Piece them together, improve them, and create new ones to solve merchant problems.
- [Browse components](https://polaris.shopify.com/components)
- [Component GitHub Package Repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/tree/main/polaris-react)

### Tokens
Design tokens are coded names that represent design decisions for elements like color, spacing, and typography. Applying them to our designs unifies merchant experiences.
- [Browse tokens](https://polaris.shopify.com/tokens/colors)
- [Token GitHub Package Repo](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/tree/main/polaris-tokens)

### Icons
The Polaris icon library has 400+ carefully designed icons focused on commerce and entrepreneurship. Use them as visual aids to help merchants complete tasks.
 - [Browse icons](https://polaris.shopify.com/icons)

### Releases

Polaris uses [Changsets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to handle releasing the npm packages in repository. Our [GitHub action](https://github.com/changesets/action) creates a `version` PR called **"Version Packages"**, then keeps it up to date, recreating it when merged. This PR always has an up-to-date run of `changeset version` and performs a releases when changes are merged to the `main` branch.

- [Perform a release](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/documentation/Releasing.md)
