documentation/Nodejs support.md, before:

# NodeJS support

`@shopify/polaris` supports node's long term suppport (LTS) versions that are in the active or maintenance stages of their [lifecycle](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/). We should also ensure support for critical repositories at Shopify like `shopify/web`, 1st party applications and `shopify/cli`.

## Local development

We use the latest long term support version of nodejs for local development.

## Continuous Integration

We install dependencies, build the library and run tests across the two supported NodeJS versions.

## Where do we put Node.js versions?

The `package.json` engines. This should match the `.github/workflows/ci.yml` and list all supported versions.

```json
"engines": {
  "node": "^14.18.0 || ^16.13.0"
},
```

The GitHub actions `.github/workflows/ci.yml` file. This should match the `package.json` and list all supported versions.

```yml
node-version: ['14.18.0', '16.13.0']
```

The `dev.yml` file which creates a local development environment. This should match the `.nvmrc` file.

```yml
version: v16.13.0
```

The `.nvmrc` file for local development. This should match the `dev.yml` file.

```
v16.13.0
```

The `shipit.yml` files. This should point towards the GitHub Actions the packages require to pass before publishing.

```yml
ci:
  require:
    - 'Validate with Node v14.18.0'
    - 'Validate with Node v16.13.0'

merge:
  require:
    - 'Validate with Node v14.18.0'
    - 'Validate with Node v16.13.0'
```

Commit message:

2/x Bump NodeJS supported versions to ^16.16 || ^18.13 (#8201)
### WHY are these changes introduced?

NodeJS 14 is EOL and we are removing support in v11.

We currently set `engines` on the root `package.json`. The problem with
this is that consumers of the library do not get this information and
they can use the libraries without any warning of what version of NodeJS
it supports.

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

- [x] Increasing the supported versions of NodeJS
- [x] Add the engines field for NodeJS to package.json files

I would like to get NodeJS to version 16.19 before we launch version 11.
However there is an issue with babel/rollup/browserslist not finding the
latest version of NodeJS:
```
(plugin babel) BrowserslistError: Unknown version 16.19 of Node.js
``` 

### How to 🎩

- CI completes successfully

documentation/Nodejs support.md, after:

# NodeJS support

`@shopify/polaris` supports node's long term suppport (LTS) versions that are in the active or maintenance stages of their [lifecycle](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/). We should also ensure support for critical repositories at Shopify like `shopify/web`, 1st party applications and `shopify/cli`.

## Local development

We use the latest long term support version of nodejs for local development.

## Continuous Integration

We install dependencies, build the library and run tests across the two supported NodeJS versions.

## Where do we put Node.js versions?

The `package.json` engines. This should match the `.github/workflows/ci.yml` and list all supported versions.

```json
"engines": {
  "node": "^16.16.0 || ^18.13.0"
},
```

The GitHub actions `.github/workflows/ci.yml` file. This should match the `package.json` and list all supported versions.

```yml
node-version: ['16.16.0', '18.13.0']
```

The `dev.yml` file which creates a local development environment. This should match the `.nvmrc` file.

```yml
version: v18.13.0
```

The `.nvmrc` file for local development. This should match the `dev.yml` file.

```
v18.13.0
```

The `shipit.yml` files. This should point towards the GitHub Actions the packages require to pass before publishing.

```yml
ci:
  require:
    - 'Validate with Node v16.16.0'
    - 'Validate with Node v18.13.0'

merge:
  require:
    - 'Validate with Node v16.16.0'
    - 'Validate with Node v18.13.0'
```

The `rollup.config.mjs` for some monorepo packages. This should match the minimum supported version.
