documentation/Releasing.md, before:

# Releasing

Polaris uses [Changsets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to handle releasing the npm packages in repository.

We have a [GitHub action](https://github.com/changesets/action) that

- creates a `version` PR called **"Version Packages"**, then keeps it up to date, recreating it when merged. This PR always has an up-to-date run of `changeset version`
- performs a releases when changes are merged to the `main` branch.

To perform a release:

- Comment `/snapit` in the **"Version Packages"** PR to cut a snapshot release
- Create a draft pull request in `Shopify/web` for the upgrade using the snapshot
  - Tag all contributors to the release on the `Shopify/web` pull request and also create a group message tagging all contributors to nudge them for reviews, as well as to verify the changes within `Shopify/web` work as expected.
- Once CI passes, merge the **"Version Packages"** PR
- Once the release is available in npm, update the draft PR to the new version and request review from the folks whose changes are part of the release as listed in the release notes

## Snapshot Release

[Snapshot releases](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/snapshot-releases.md) are a way to release your changes for testing without updating the versions. To create a snapshot release:

1. Add a comment in your feature branch PR with the slash command "/snapit"
2. This will trigger the `snapit.yml` workflow to create a new snapshot release

> Note: Your feature branch PR should have **at least one** changeset. The snapshot release will only release packages with a pending changeset. More info on [adding a changeset](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#adding-a-changeset).

### [polaris-for-figma](/polaris-for-figma)

You will need to have admin privileges in Figma to release the plugin.

- Run the build step
- In Figma navigate to the plugins menu
- Click "Publish new release"

### [polaris-for-vscode](/polaris-for-vscode)

- [Draft a new release](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/releases)
- Target the commit that you want to release
- Create a new tag with the prefix `vscode`
- This will trigger the [publish-polaris-for-vscode.yml](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish-polaris-for-vscode.yml) workflow

### [polaris.shopify.com](/polaris.shopify.com)

- Go to the [polaris-site-container-builder](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-site-container-builder) repo
- Follow the steps in the `README.md`

Commit message:

Add approval guidance to releasing documentation

documentation/Releasing.md, after:

# Releasing

Polaris uses [Changsets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets) to handle releasing the npm packages in repository.

We have a [GitHub action](https://github.com/changesets/action) that

- creates a `version` PR called **"Version Packages"**, then keeps it up to date, recreating it when merged. This PR always has an up-to-date run of `changeset version`
- performs a releases when changes are merged to the `main` branch.

To perform a release:

- Comment `/snapit` in the **"Version Packages"** PR to cut a snapshot release
- Create a draft pull request in `Shopify/web` for the upgrade using the snapshot
  - Tag all contributors to the release on the `Shopify/web` pull request and also create a group message tagging all contributors to nudge them for reviews, as well as to verify the changes within `Shopify/web` work as expected.
- Once CI passes, and you've received an approval from [@Shopify/polaris-team](https://github.com/orgs/Shopify/teams/polaris-team), merge the **"Version Packages"** PR
- Once the release is available in npm, update the draft PR to the new version and request review from the folks whose changes are part of the release as listed in the release notes

## Snapshot Release

[Snapshot releases](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/snapshot-releases.md) are a way to release your changes for testing without updating the versions. To create a snapshot release:

1. Add a comment in your feature branch PR with the slash command "/snapit"
2. This will trigger the `snapit.yml` workflow to create a new snapshot release

> Note: Your feature branch PR should have **at least one** changeset. The snapshot release will only release packages with a pending changeset. More info on [adding a changeset](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#adding-a-changeset).

### [polaris-for-figma](/polaris-for-figma)

You will need to have admin privileges in Figma to release the plugin.

- Run the build step
- In Figma navigate to the plugins menu
- Click "Publish new release"

### [polaris-for-vscode](/polaris-for-vscode)

- [Draft a new release](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/releases)
- Target the commit that you want to release
- Create a new tag with the prefix `vscode`
- This will trigger the [publish-polaris-for-vscode.yml](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish-polaris-for-vscode.yml) workflow

### [polaris.shopify.com](/polaris.shopify.com)

- Go to the [polaris-site-container-builder](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-site-container-builder) repo
- Follow the steps in the `README.md`
