polaris.shopify.com/content/components/tables/index-table.mdx, before:

---
title: Index table
category: Tables
keywords:
  - ResourceList
  - index
  - table
  - list
  - collections
  - items
  - objects
  - list of products
  - list of orders
  - product lists
  - order lists
  - collections lists
  - collection lists
  - list of collections
  - product listings list
  - channel lists
  - resource list attributes
  - list attributes
  - exceptions list
  - list secondary actions
  - secondary actions in a list
  - list of resources
  - filter
  - sort
examples:
  - fileName: index-table-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: An index table with simple items and no bulk actions, sorting, or filtering.
  - fileName: index-table-with-views-search-filter-sorting.tsx
    title: With saved views, search, filtering, and sorting
    description: An index table with saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-filters-with-edit-colums-button.tsx
    title: With edit columns button
    description: An index table with edit columns, saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-disabled-rows.tsx
    title: With disabled rows
    description: An index table with saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-small-screen.tsx
    title: Small screen
    description: A small screen index table with simple items and no bulk actions, sorting, or filtering.
  - fileName: index-table-condensed-with-views-search-filter-sorting.tsx
    title: Small screen with saved views, search, filtering, and sorting
    description: A small screen index table with saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-empty-state.tsx
    title: With empty state
    description: Use to explain the purpose of a index table when no resources exist yet. This allows a smooth transition from a list in a loading state to a list where zero, one, or many resources exist.
  - fileName: index-table-with-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With bulk actions
    description: Allows merchants to select items and perform an action on the selection.
  - fileName: index-table-with-multiple-promoted-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With multiple promoted bulk actions
    description: Allows merchants to select items and perform different actions on the selection.
  - fileName: index-table-with-bulk-actions-and-selection-across-pages.tsx
    title: With bulk actions and selection across pages
    description: Allows merchants to select items, perform an action on the selection and select resources across pages.
  - fileName: index-table-with-selection-and-no-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With selection and no bulk actions
    description: For when a table is selectable, but doesn't have any bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-loading-state.tsx
    title: With loading state
    description: Notifies merchants that index table items are being processed.
  - fileName: index-table-with-filtering.tsx
    title: With filtering
    description: Allows merchants to narrow the index table to a subset of the original items.
  - fileName: index-table-with-sticky-last-column.tsx
    title: With sticky last column
    description: An index table with a sticky last column that stays visible on scroll. The last heading will also be sticky if not hidden.
  - fileName: index-table-with-row-navigation-link.tsx
    title: With row navigation link
    description: Use when clicking the row should navigate merchants to another page, like the row item's detail page. When a row contains a `Link` with the `dataPrimaryLink` prop set to `true`, clicking the row will trigger navigation to the link's `url` instead of selecting the row as well as trigger the callback set on the `IndexTable` `onNavigation` prop if provided.
  - fileName: index-table-without-checkboxes.tsx
    title: Without checkboxes
    description: An index table without checkboxes and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-subheaders.tsx
    title: With subheaders
    description: An index table with multiple table headers. Use to present merchants with resources grouped by a relevant data value to enable faster bulk selection.
  - fileName: index-table-with-pagination.tsx
    title: With pagination
    description: Use when the table contains many rows and they need paginating.
  - fileName: index-table-with-nested-rows.tsx
    title: With nested rows
    description: An index table with nested rows. Use to present hierarchical or related data in a structured manner.
  - fileName: index-table-with-sticky-scroll-bar.tsx
    title: With sticky scroll bar
    description: An index table with pagination and a horizontal scroll bar, to show how the scroll bar behaves with the sticky pagination.
  - fileName: index-table-with-pagination-and-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With pagination and bulk actions
    description: An index table with both pagination and bulk actions elements, to see how they integrate with one another.
previewImg: /images/components/tables/index-table.png
---

# {frontmatter.title}

<Lede>

An index table displays a collection of objects of the same type, like orders or products. The main job of an index table is to help merchants get an at-a-glance of the objects to perform actions or navigate to a full-page representation of it.

</Lede>

<Examples />

<Props componentName={frontmatter.title} />

Index tables can also:

- Support [customized index rows and columns](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/resource-item)
- Include bulk actions so merchants can act on multiple objects at once
- Support sorting and [filtering](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters) of long lists
- Be paired with pagination to make long lists digestible

---

## Build

Using an index table in a project involves combining the following components and subcomponents:

- IndexTable
- [IndexTable.Row](#index-table-row)
- [IndexTable.Cell](#index-table-cell)
- [Filters](/components/selection-and-input/filters) (optional)
- [IndexFilters](/components/selection-and-input/index-filters) (optional)
- [Pagination](/components/navigation/pagination) (optional)

The index table component provides the UI elements for list selection, sorting, filtering, and pagination, but doesn’t provide the logic for these operations. When a sort option is changed, filter added, or second page requested, you’ll need to handle that event (including any network requests) and then update the component with new props.

---

## Purpose

Shopify is organized around objects that represent merchants' businesses, like customers, products, and orders. Each individual order, for example, is given a dedicated page that can be linked to. In Shopify, we call these types of objects _resources_, and we call the object’s dedicated page its _details page_.

### Problem

Take orders as an example. Merchants may have a lot of them. They need a way to scan their orders, view the different attributes on each order, and find out which ones need action first. In other words, they need a way find an individual order, call up more information about it, and take action on it.

### Solution

Index tables function as:

- A content format, presenting a set of individual resources with multiple columns of information for each
- A system for taking action on one or more individual resources
- A way to navigate to an individual resource’s details page

Because a details page displays all the content and actions for an individual resource, you can think of a resource list as a summary of these details pages. In this way resource lists bridge a middle level in Shopify’s navigation hierarchy.

---

## Best practices

Index tables should:

- Have items that perform an action when clicked. The action should navigate to the resource’s details page or otherwise provide more detail about the item.
- [Customize the content and layout](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/resource-item) of their items rows to surface information to support merchants’ needs.
- Support sorting if the list can be long, and especially if different merchant tasks benefit from different sort orders.
- Support [filtering](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters) if the list can be long.
- Paginate when the current list contains more than 50 items.
- Use the [skeleton page](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/skeleton-page) component on initial page load for the rest of the page if the loading prop is true and items are processing.
- Numeric cells and titles should be right aligned with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component
- Numeric cells should use the numeric style with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component

Index tables can optionally:

- Provide bulk actions for tasks that are often applied to many list items at once. For example, merchants may want to add the same tag to a large number of products.
- Hide bulk actions on small screens using the `condensed` prop. We only recommend hiding bulk actions on screens smaller than 490px using our `breakpoints-sm` value: `condensed={useBreakpoints().smDown}`.
  - Hiding bulk actions means a merchant can’t select multiple items at once, so it should only be used when the bulk actions are not essential to the merchant’s workflow.

---

## Content guidelines

Index tables should:

- Identify the type of resource, usually with a heading

<DoDont>

#### Do

- Products
- Showing 50 products

#### Don’t

- _No heading_

</DoDont>

- Indicate when not all members of a resource are being shown. For a card summarizing and linking to recently purchased products:

<DoDont>

#### Do

- Popular products this week

#### Don’t

- Products

</DoDont>

- Follow the verb + noun formula for bulk actions

- Follow the [content guidelines for filter options and applied filters](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters#content-guidelines)

---

## IndexTable.Row

An `IndexTable.Row` is used to render a row representing an item within an `IndexTable`

### IndexTable.Row properties

| Prop                | Type                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| children            | ReactNode                                                     | Table header or data cells                                                                                                                                                                          |
| id                  | string                                                        | A unique identifier for the row                                                                                                                                                                     |
| selected?           | boolean &#124; "indeterminate"                                | A boolean property indicating whether the row or it's related rows are selected                                                                                                                     |
| position            | number                                                        | The zero-indexed position of the row. Used for Shift key multi-selection as well as selection of a range of rows when a `selectionRange` is set.                                                    |
| tone?               | "subdued" &#124; "success" &#124; "warning" &#124; "critical" | Whether the row should visually indicate its status with a background color                                                                                                                         |
| disabled?           | boolean                                                       | Whether the row should be disabled                                                                                                                                                                  |
| selectionRange?     | [number, number]                                              | A tuple array with the first and last index of the range of other rows that the row describes. All non-disabled rows in the range are selected when the row with a selection range set is selected. |
| rowType?            | "data" &#124; "subheader" &#124; "child"                      | Indicates the relationship or role of the row's contents. A `rowType` of "subheader" looks and behaves the same as the table header. Rows of type "child" are indented. Defaults to "data".         |
| accessibilityLabel? | string                                                        | Label set on the row's checkbox. Defaults to "Select \{resourceName\}"                                                                                                                              |
| onClick?            | () => void                                                    | Callback fired when the row is clicked. Overrides the default click behaviour.                                                                                                                      |
| onNavigation?       | (id: string) => void                                          | Callback fired when the row is clicked and contains an anchor element with the `data-primary-link` property set                                                                                     |

## IndexTable.Cell

An `IndexTable.Cell` is used to render a single cell within an `IndexTable.Row`

### IndexTable.Cell properties

| Prop       | Type                                                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                              |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| as?        | 'th' &#124; 'td'                                                                  | The table cell element to render. Render the cell as a `th` if it serves as a subheading. Defaults to `td`.                                                              |
| id?        | string                                                                            | The unique ID to set on the cell element                                                                                                                                 |
| children?  | ReactNode                                                                         | The cell contents                                                                                                                                                        |
| className? | string                                                                            | Adds a class to the cell. Use to set a custom cell width.                                                                                                                |
| flush?     | boolean                                                                           | Whether the cell padding should be removed. Defaults to false.                                                                                                           |
| colSpan?   | [HTMLTableCellElement['colSpan']](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_colspan.asp) | For subheader cells -- The number of the columns that the cell element should extend to within the row.                                                                  |
| scope?     | [HTMLTableCellElement['scope']](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_scope.asp)     | For subheader cells -- Indicates the cells that the `th` element relates to                                                                                              |
| headers?   | [HTMLTableCellElement['headers']](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_headers.asp) | A space-separated list of the `th` cell IDs that describe or apply to it. Use for cells within a row that relate to a subheader cell in addition to their column header. |

---

## Related components

- To create an actionable list of related items that link to details pages, such as a list of customers, use the [resource list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/lists/resource-list)
- To present structured data for comparison and analysis, like when helping merchants to gain insights or review analytics, use the [data table component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tables/data-table)
- To display a simple list of related content, [use the list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/lists/list)

---

## Accessibility

### Structure

The `IndexTable` is an actionable, filterable, and sortable table widget that supports row selection with [subheaders](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/tables/multi-level/). To ensure that the power of this table is accessible to all merchants when implementing `IndexTable.Row` subheaders, set the following props on `IndexTable.Cell` that are appropriate for the enhancement you are implementing.

Merchants can select a group of rows at once by clicking or <kbd>Space</kbd> keypressing a subheader row's checkbox. To indicate that an `IndexTable.Row` serves as a subheader for 1 or more rows below it, set the:

- Zero-indexed table `position` of the first and last `IndexTable.Row` described by the subheader `IndexTable.Row` as a tuple array on its `selectionRange` prop
- Unique `id` on the `IndexTable.Cell` that contains the subheader content
- Element tag to `"th"` on the `as` prop of the subheader `IndexTable.Cell`
- Subheader `IndexTable.Cell` `scope` prop to `"colgroup"`

To associate the subheader `IndexTable.Row` with each `IndexTable.Cell` that it describes, set the:

- Unique `id` provided to the subheader `IndexTable.Cell` on the `headers` prop of each related `IndexTable.Cell` (contained by an `IndexTable.Row` that's position is within the `selectionRange`) as well as the unique `id` of its corresponding column heading that you provided to the `IndexTable` `headings` prop

### Keyboard support

`IndexTable` also supports multi-selection of a range of rows by keypressing the <kbd>Shift</kbd> key. To select a range, press and hold the <kbd>Shift</kbd> key while you click or keypress the <kbd>Space</kbd> key on a row checkbox and then do the same on another row's checkbox. All selectable rows between the selected checkboxes will also be selected.

Commit message:

added divider prop for Row, added story
added story with nested rows

added website example, added new story

renamed divider to the borderless, updated stories, code example

updated patch description

updated website example

refactored styles to use transparent token

applied same bg color for border color instead of making it transparent

moved back to border 0

polaris.shopify.com/content/components/tables/index-table.mdx, after:

---
title: Index table
category: Tables
keywords:
  - ResourceList
  - index
  - table
  - list
  - collections
  - items
  - objects
  - list of products
  - list of orders
  - product lists
  - order lists
  - collections lists
  - collection lists
  - list of collections
  - product listings list
  - channel lists
  - resource list attributes
  - list attributes
  - exceptions list
  - list secondary actions
  - secondary actions in a list
  - list of resources
  - filter
  - sort
examples:
  - fileName: index-table-default.tsx
    title: Default
    description: An index table with simple items and no bulk actions, sorting, or filtering.
  - fileName: index-table-with-views-search-filter-sorting.tsx
    title: With saved views, search, filtering, and sorting
    description: An index table with saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-filters-with-edit-colums-button.tsx
    title: With edit columns button
    description: An index table with edit columns, saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-disabled-rows.tsx
    title: With disabled rows
    description: An index table with saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-small-screen.tsx
    title: Small screen
    description: A small screen index table with simple items and no bulk actions, sorting, or filtering.
  - fileName: index-table-condensed-with-views-search-filter-sorting.tsx
    title: Small screen with saved views, search, filtering, and sorting
    description: A small screen index table with saved views, search, filtering, sorting, and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-empty-state.tsx
    title: With empty state
    description: Use to explain the purpose of a index table when no resources exist yet. This allows a smooth transition from a list in a loading state to a list where zero, one, or many resources exist.
  - fileName: index-table-with-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With bulk actions
    description: Allows merchants to select items and perform an action on the selection.
  - fileName: index-table-with-multiple-promoted-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With multiple promoted bulk actions
    description: Allows merchants to select items and perform different actions on the selection.
  - fileName: index-table-with-bulk-actions-and-selection-across-pages.tsx
    title: With bulk actions and selection across pages
    description: Allows merchants to select items, perform an action on the selection and select resources across pages.
  - fileName: index-table-with-selection-and-no-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With selection and no bulk actions
    description: For when a table is selectable, but doesn't have any bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-loading-state.tsx
    title: With loading state
    description: Notifies merchants that index table items are being processed.
  - fileName: index-table-with-filtering.tsx
    title: With filtering
    description: Allows merchants to narrow the index table to a subset of the original items.
  - fileName: index-table-with-sticky-last-column.tsx
    title: With sticky last column
    description: An index table with a sticky last column that stays visible on scroll. The last heading will also be sticky if not hidden.
  - fileName: index-table-with-row-navigation-link.tsx
    title: With row navigation link
    description: Use when clicking the row should navigate merchants to another page, like the row item's detail page. When a row contains a `Link` with the `dataPrimaryLink` prop set to `true`, clicking the row will trigger navigation to the link's `url` instead of selecting the row as well as trigger the callback set on the `IndexTable` `onNavigation` prop if provided.
  - fileName: index-table-without-checkboxes.tsx
    title: Without checkboxes
    description: An index table without checkboxes and bulk actions.
  - fileName: index-table-with-subheaders.tsx
    title: With subheaders
    description: An index table with multiple table headers. Use to present merchants with resources grouped by a relevant data value to enable faster bulk selection.
  - fileName: index-table-with-pagination.tsx
    title: With pagination
    description: Use when the table contains many rows and they need paginating.
  - fileName: index-table-with-nested-rows.tsx
    title: With nested rows
    description: An index table with nested rows. Use to present hierarchical or related data in a structured manner.
  - fileName: index-table-with-nested-rows-borderless.tsx
    title: With nested rows borderless
    description: An index table with borderless nested rows. Use to present hierarchical or related data in a structured manner with enhanced visualisation.
  - fileName: index-table-with-sticky-scroll-bar.tsx
    title: With sticky scroll bar
    description: An index table with pagination and a horizontal scroll bar, to show how the scroll bar behaves with the sticky pagination.
  - fileName: index-table-with-pagination-and-bulk-actions.tsx
    title: With pagination and bulk actions
    description: An index table with both pagination and bulk actions elements, to see how they integrate with one another.
previewImg: /images/components/tables/index-table.png
---

# {frontmatter.title}

<Lede>

An index table displays a collection of objects of the same type, like orders or products. The main job of an index table is to help merchants get an at-a-glance of the objects to perform actions or navigate to a full-page representation of it.

</Lede>

<Examples />

<Props componentName={frontmatter.title} />

Index tables can also:

- Support [customized index rows and columns](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/resource-item)
- Include bulk actions so merchants can act on multiple objects at once
- Support sorting and [filtering](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters) of long lists
- Be paired with pagination to make long lists digestible

---

## Build

Using an index table in a project involves combining the following components and subcomponents:

- IndexTable
- [IndexTable.Row](#index-table-row)
- [IndexTable.Cell](#index-table-cell)
- [Filters](/components/selection-and-input/filters) (optional)
- [IndexFilters](/components/selection-and-input/index-filters) (optional)
- [Pagination](/components/navigation/pagination) (optional)

The index table component provides the UI elements for list selection, sorting, filtering, and pagination, but doesn’t provide the logic for these operations. When a sort option is changed, filter added, or second page requested, you’ll need to handle that event (including any network requests) and then update the component with new props.

---

## Purpose

Shopify is organized around objects that represent merchants' businesses, like customers, products, and orders. Each individual order, for example, is given a dedicated page that can be linked to. In Shopify, we call these types of objects _resources_, and we call the object’s dedicated page its _details page_.

### Problem

Take orders as an example. Merchants may have a lot of them. They need a way to scan their orders, view the different attributes on each order, and find out which ones need action first. In other words, they need a way find an individual order, call up more information about it, and take action on it.

### Solution

Index tables function as:

- A content format, presenting a set of individual resources with multiple columns of information for each
- A system for taking action on one or more individual resources
- A way to navigate to an individual resource’s details page

Because a details page displays all the content and actions for an individual resource, you can think of a resource list as a summary of these details pages. In this way resource lists bridge a middle level in Shopify’s navigation hierarchy.

---

## Best practices

Index tables should:

- Have items that perform an action when clicked. The action should navigate to the resource’s details page or otherwise provide more detail about the item.
- [Customize the content and layout](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/resource-item) of their items rows to surface information to support merchants’ needs.
- Support sorting if the list can be long, and especially if different merchant tasks benefit from different sort orders.
- Support [filtering](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters) if the list can be long.
- Paginate when the current list contains more than 50 items.
- Use the [skeleton page](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/skeleton-page) component on initial page load for the rest of the page if the loading prop is true and items are processing.
- Numeric cells and titles should be right aligned with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component
- Numeric cells should use the numeric style with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component

Index tables can optionally:

- Provide bulk actions for tasks that are often applied to many list items at once. For example, merchants may want to add the same tag to a large number of products.
- Hide bulk actions on small screens using the `condensed` prop. We only recommend hiding bulk actions on screens smaller than 490px using our `breakpoints-sm` value: `condensed={useBreakpoints().smDown}`.
  - Hiding bulk actions means a merchant can’t select multiple items at once, so it should only be used when the bulk actions are not essential to the merchant’s workflow.

---

## Content guidelines

Index tables should:

- Identify the type of resource, usually with a heading

<DoDont>

#### Do

- Products
- Showing 50 products

#### Don’t

- _No heading_

</DoDont>

- Indicate when not all members of a resource are being shown. For a card summarizing and linking to recently purchased products:

<DoDont>

#### Do

- Popular products this week

#### Don’t

- Products

</DoDont>

- Follow the verb + noun formula for bulk actions

- Follow the [content guidelines for filter options and applied filters](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters#content-guidelines)

---

## IndexTable.Row

An `IndexTable.Row` is used to render a row representing an item within an `IndexTable`

### IndexTable.Row properties

| Prop                | Type                                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| children            | ReactNode                                                     | Table header or data cells                                                                                                                                                                          |
| id                  | string                                                        | A unique identifier for the row                                                                                                                                                                     |
| selected?           | boolean &#124; "indeterminate"                                | A boolean property indicating whether the row or it's related rows are selected                                                                                                                     |
| position            | number                                                        | The zero-indexed position of the row. Used for Shift key multi-selection as well as selection of a range of rows when a `selectionRange` is set.                                                    |
| tone?               | "subdued" &#124; "success" &#124; "warning" &#124; "critical" | Whether the row should visually indicate its status with a background color                                                                                                                         |
| disabled?           | boolean                                                       | Whether the row should be disabled                                                                                                                                                                  |
| selectionRange?     | [number, number]                                              | A tuple array with the first and last index of the range of other rows that the row describes. All non-disabled rows in the range are selected when the row with a selection range set is selected. |
| rowType?            | "data" &#124; "subheader" &#124; "child"                      | Indicates the relationship or role of the row's contents. A `rowType` of "subheader" looks and behaves the same as the table header. Rows of type "child" are indented. Defaults to "data".         |
| accessibilityLabel? | string                                                        | Label set on the row's checkbox. Defaults to "Select \{resourceName\}"                                                                                                                              |
| onClick?            | () => void                                                    | Callback fired when the row is clicked. Overrides the default click behaviour.                                                                                                                      |
| onNavigation?       | (id: string) => void                                          | Callback fired when the row is clicked and contains an anchor element with the `data-primary-link` property set                                                                                     |

## IndexTable.Cell

An `IndexTable.Cell` is used to render a single cell within an `IndexTable.Row`

### IndexTable.Cell properties

| Prop       | Type                                                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                              |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| as?        | 'th' &#124; 'td'                                                                  | The table cell element to render. Render the cell as a `th` if it serves as a subheading. Defaults to `td`.                                                              |
| id?        | string                                                                            | The unique ID to set on the cell element                                                                                                                                 |
| children?  | ReactNode                                                                         | The cell contents                                                                                                                                                        |
| className? | string                                                                            | Adds a class to the cell. Use to set a custom cell width.                                                                                                                |
| flush?     | boolean                                                                           | Whether the cell padding should be removed. Defaults to false.                                                                                                           |
| colSpan?   | [HTMLTableCellElement['colSpan']](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_colspan.asp) | For subheader cells -- The number of the columns that the cell element should extend to within the row.                                                                  |
| scope?     | [HTMLTableCellElement['scope']](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_scope.asp)     | For subheader cells -- Indicates the cells that the `th` element relates to                                                                                              |
| headers?   | [HTMLTableCellElement['headers']](https://www.w3schools.com/tags/att_headers.asp) | A space-separated list of the `th` cell IDs that describe or apply to it. Use for cells within a row that relate to a subheader cell in addition to their column header. |

---

## Related components

- To create an actionable list of related items that link to details pages, such as a list of customers, use the [resource list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/lists/resource-list)
- To present structured data for comparison and analysis, like when helping merchants to gain insights or review analytics, use the [data table component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/tables/data-table)
- To display a simple list of related content, [use the list component](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/lists/list)

---

## Accessibility

### Structure

The `IndexTable` is an actionable, filterable, and sortable table widget that supports row selection with [subheaders](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/tables/multi-level/). To ensure that the power of this table is accessible to all merchants when implementing `IndexTable.Row` subheaders, set the following props on `IndexTable.Cell` that are appropriate for the enhancement you are implementing.

Merchants can select a group of rows at once by clicking or <kbd>Space</kbd> keypressing a subheader row's checkbox. To indicate that an `IndexTable.Row` serves as a subheader for 1 or more rows below it, set the:

- Zero-indexed table `position` of the first and last `IndexTable.Row` described by the subheader `IndexTable.Row` as a tuple array on its `selectionRange` prop
- Unique `id` on the `IndexTable.Cell` that contains the subheader content
- Element tag to `"th"` on the `as` prop of the subheader `IndexTable.Cell`
- Subheader `IndexTable.Cell` `scope` prop to `"colgroup"`

To associate the subheader `IndexTable.Row` with each `IndexTable.Cell` that it describes, set the:

- Unique `id` provided to the subheader `IndexTable.Cell` on the `headers` prop of each related `IndexTable.Cell` (contained by an `IndexTable.Row` that's position is within the `selectionRange`) as well as the unique `id` of its corresponding column heading that you provided to the `IndexTable` `headings` prop

### Keyboard support

`IndexTable` also supports multi-selection of a range of rows by keypressing the <kbd>Shift</kbd> key. To select a range, press and hold the <kbd>Shift</kbd> key while you click or keypress the <kbd>Space</kbd> key on a row checkbox and then do the same on another row's checkbox. All selectable rows between the selected checkboxes will also be selected.
